1.wav	What are the names of some famous actors that started their careers on Broadway?
2.wav	How did United States states get their names?
3.wav	Hello, my sister and her girlfriends want me to play kickball with them. Can you explain how the game is played, so they do not take advantage of me?
4.wav	What is some cool music from the nineteen twenties?
5.wav	How do I wrap a present neatly?
6.wav	How do I dice without slicing my finger
7.wav	Hello, I am trying to solve a crossword puzzle, but I have never done one of these before. Can you help me out?
8.wav	Who is Larry Page?
9.wav	What are different drawers I should have for clothes?
10.wav	I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Georgian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Kubdari?
11.wav	Do you think retinoid is effective on removing the acne? Because I have a lot of it.
12.wav	I am trying to teach myself to have nicer handwriting. Can you help?
13.wav	I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Somali dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Canjeero?
14.wav	What are the best exercises for beginners?
15.wav	Do you know why turkeys became the official food of Thanksgiving?
16.wav	I want to get better at networking at work
17.wav	Are there any weird Christmas traditions?
18.wav	Hi, I am interested in learning to play badminton. Can you explain the game to me?
19.wav	Do you know why cats always rub up against your legs?
20.wav	I am going to try to roast a pig at home for Thanksgiving this year. What equipment and techniques do I need to successfully get a pig roasted?
21.wav	Help me find a good rated electric saw.
22.wav	What are some artists I might like if I like Billy Joel?
23.wav	What type of soil is suitable for cactus?
24.wav	How do you become an author?
25.wav	What breed of dog is the smallest?
26.wav	What are some species of bears that are now extinct?
27.wav	What causes the northern lights?
28.wav	What are some good foods to eat when you are sick? I am looking for something to make my girlfriend to eat.
29.wav	Why is Kobe beef so damn expensive?
30.wav	How do I clean my armpits?
31.wav	How do I detail a car?
32.wav	I am going to make pumpkin pie for the first time. Can you help me?
33.wav	What kind of foods do they eat in Thailand
34.wav	What are some good browser alternatives to Chrome?
35.wav	Who created the Superman cartoon character?
36.wav	What is Atlantis?
37.wav	How do I make escargot?
38.wav	What exactly causes volcanoes to form?
39.wav	Hello, I have some falafel, but no tahini to put on them. Can you give me a recipe for making tahini?
40.wav	Should I get my children a nanny? I am so exhausted.
41.wav	When was Canada colonized?
42.wav	How can I use my phone less?
43.wav	How did mankind discover that the earth was spherical, and why did they initially believe it to be flat?
44.wav	What is Gremolata?
45.wav	Why did humans evolve to believe in God?
46.wav	What should I build a cabin out of?
47.wav	Why do a lot of scientists not believe in God or Satan?
48.wav	I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Mauritian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mine Fried?
49.wav	Why can I see the moon during the day?
50.wav	How do I take care of a wooden table?
51.wav	What year was the Yamato Battleship built?
52.wav	Did they ever announce the release date for the new Elder Scrolls game?
53.wav	I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Danish dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Flæskesteg?
54.wav	Please tell me about the romantic relationship between Julius Caesar and Cleopatra.
55.wav	Hello, I am in the mood for a Bloody Mary. Can you give me a recipe for making one?
56.wav	What are some famous world music artists?
57.wav	What are some good ways to spread ashes?
58.wav	I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Okroshka?
59.wav	I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Danish dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cold Bowl?
60.wav	I have read the book "The Twelve Caesars" by Suetonius, a few times. I am curious about the context, of when he wrote.
61.wav	Please tell me the history of Walt Disney.
62.wav	Can you help me figure out how to sew a button on a shirt?
63.wav	How did serial killers get away with murder for so long in the seventies and eighties?
64.wav	How do I make apple juice?
65.wav	I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Israeli Cheese Bourekas?
66.wav	How can I make bubble solution?
67.wav	How to make frosting with Crisco
68.wav	I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tunisian Kammounia?
69.wav	I want to learn more about airplanes. How were they created?
70.wav	Can you tell me a very easy way to clean a shower head?
71.wav	Please give me a list of planets in our solar system. I am going to choose which one I want to know more.
72.wav	Who was the first lead vocal for the rock band Starship?
73.wav	I need to get my nephew a birthday gift. I am thinking of giving him a game for his Nintendo Switch. Can you give me a few options that came out recently?
74.wav	What is the best way to defrost a refrigerator freezer?
75.wav	What are some toys I can buy my kids for imaginative play?
76.wav	How do I know if my house has a water leak?
77.wav	I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Uruguayan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Vitel tone?
78.wav	I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Opor Ayam?
79.wav	What do the different octane values of gasoline mean?
80.wav	How can I fix a leaking roof?
81.wav	I have a hard time falling asleep. Is there any type of music that can help me fall asleep faster?
82.wav	What are places to visit in Montgomery, Alabama?
83.wav	Hello, I have decided to keep a rat as a pet. How do I house, feed, and otherwise care for it?
84.wav	How do you get water in the desert?
85.wav	How do I get better at aiming with my slingshot?
86.wav	I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Milanesa de peceto?
87.wav	I have my grandfather's antique fountain pen and a bottle of ink, but have never done this before. Can you tell me how to refill the fountain pen?
88.wav	Hi, I would like to play ice hockey. Can you explain how the game works?
89.wav	What is Kevlar made out of?
90.wav	Hi, I would like to learn how to play racquetball. Can you explain the game to me?
91.wav	What are some good books to buy for a science fiction fan?
92.wav	When were smart phones first made?
93.wav	Hi, I would like to learn to bake challah. Can you give me a recipe for that?
94.wav	Did Facebook Corporation change its name?
95.wav	I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tong Sui?
96.wav	I want to start saving some money by growing my own food. Can I do this during the winter with an indoor garden?
97.wav	How can I spice things up in the bedroom?
98.wav	Is human blood ever any color other than red?
99.wav	Please tell me about pearls. Where are they found?
100.wav	What are some herbs I can dry out?
101.wav	I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tahu Gejrot Cirebon?
102.wav	What is a scary Halloween costume idea?
103.wav	What is the largest star in our galaxy?
104.wav	I am trying to draw out a hopscotch game on my driveway. Can you walk me through how to do that?
105.wav	Can you tell me how to make chocolate chip cookies?
106.wav	Where is Indonesia?
107.wav	Hello, I need to find the area of a twenty sided die for my mathematics homework. Can you help me do that?
108.wav	I am trying to learn how to install window blinds.
109.wav	I want to learn more about becoming a Certified Public Accountant. How long does it take to become a Certified Public Accountant?
110.wav	I want to talk about "Smooth", a song by Rob Thomas.
111.wav	I would like you to write me a story in the style of Don Delillo, about a bunch of immortal cats living in a New York high-rise cooperative. Go ahead and start a draft!
112.wav	I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chola Sandwich?
113.wav	Is it true that the native Australians were really prisoners of England?
114.wav	What color is the sky
115.wav	Is there a meaning for Christmas wreaths?
116.wav	I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Latvian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Frikadeļu soup?
117.wav	Hi, I would like to make my own peanut brittle. Can you give me a recipe and cooking instructions for that?
118.wav	I am trying to stop my neighbour's cat from coming into my garden and fighting with my cat. Any suggestions on how to do that?
119.wav	Did the dinosaurs really exist?
120.wav	What are some big cat hybrids?
121.wav	What is the name of Chris Tucker's first movie?
122.wav	How long does it take our eyes to fully adapt to darkness?
123.wav	Has there been any news regarding a potential release date for StarCraft three?
124.wav	How is oil turned into gasoline?
125.wav	Can you give any tips on how to cook a juicy, medium-rare steak?
126.wav	When was hip hop invented?
127.wav	Hi, I recently inherited a Smith and Wesson one thousand six and I do not even know how to load it. Can you tell me what kind of ammunition it takes, and how to get that ammunition into the gun?
128.wav	My friend's dog just died and they are really sad. How do I comfort them?
129.wav	Is the United States border open to Canada?
130.wav	How can I improve my time management skills?
131.wav	What are the most effective ways to deal with stress?
132.wav	What are the main differences between Python and JavaScript programming languages?
133.wav	How can I increase my productivity while working from home?
134.wav	Can you explain the basics of quantum computing?
135.wav	What are the differences between plant-based and animal-based protein sources?
136.wav	How can I develop my critical thinking skills?
137.wav	What are the major challenges faced by the education sector today?
138.wav	What are the primary factors that influence consumer behavior?
139.wav	What are the most effective strategies for conflict resolution in the workplace?
140.wav	What are some potential implications of using a single-use plastic bottle versus a reusable bottle on both the environment and human health?
141.wav	What factors would you consider when designing an inclusive and accessible public transportation system?
142.wav	How can governments utilize fiscal and monetary policies to combat economic recessions?
143.wav	How do language and cultural barriers affect the way people communicate and form relationships in multicultural societies?
144.wav	Describe a scenario where artificial intelligence could be used to improve the quality and efficiency of health care delivery.
145.wav	Explain the process of gene editing using C R I S P R - Cas nine technology, and discuss its potential applications and ethical implications.
146.wav	How do vaccinations work to protect individuals and communities from infectious diseases, and what is herd immunity?
147.wav	How do social media platforms influence the way people consume and share news, and what are the potential implications for the spread of misinformation?
148.wav	How do cultural, social, and economic factors influence people's food choices, and how can this knowledge be used to promote healthier diets?
149.wav	Explain the process of natural selection and how it contributes to the evolution and adaptation of species.
150.wav	How would you introduce yourself as a medieval knight at a royal banquet?
151.wav	As a pirate captain, what would you say to your crew to motivate them to search for hidden treasure?
152.wav	If you were a Shakespearean character, how would you declare your love for someone in a soliloquy?
153.wav	As a superhero, how would you explain your origin story to a curious child?
154.wav	Imagine you are a time traveler from the year three thousand. What technological advancements would you tell people about?
155.wav	Describe the winning play in the final seconds of a championship game as a sports commentator.
156.wav	Pretend to be a world-famous chef. How would you describe your signature dish to a panel of judges?
157.wav	You are a mountain climber reaching the summit of Mount Everest. Describe your emotions and the view from the top.
158.wav	As a space colonist on Mars, describe your daily life and the challenges you face living on another planet.
159.wav	Pretend to be a character in a post-apocalyptic world. Describe how you survive and the allies you encounter.
160.wav	How can you determine if a restaurant is popular among locals or mainly attracts tourists, and why might this information be useful?
161.wav	What are some subtle clues that suggest someone is pretending to understand a topic or conversation when they are actually confused or uninformed?
162.wav	Why might someone choose to use a paper map or ask for directions instead of relying on a Global Positioning System device or smartphone application?
163.wav	How can you determine if a person is genuinely interested in a conversation or simply being polite?
164.wav	Why might someone prefer to shop at a small, locally-owned business instead of a large chain store, even if the prices are higher?
165.wav	How can you assess the credibility of a source of information, such as a news article or blog post, without relying solely on the reputation of the author or publisher?
166.wav	Why do some people enjoy the sensation of being scared, such as by watching horror movies or going on roller coasters, while others avoid these experiences?
167.wav	How can observing the behavior of other people in a social situation provide clues about cultural norms and expectations?
168.wav	Do we have a moral obligation to explore space, or should we focus on solving Earth is problems first?
169.wav	In a world where automation is becoming increasingly prevalent, is it more important to prioritize job creation or technological progress?
170.wav	How many times does the average human blink in a lifetime? Try to explain your answer. Your explanation should take the reader through your reasoning step by step.
171.wav	How many atoms are in a grain of salt? Try to explain your answer. Your explanation should take the reader through your reasoning step by step.
172.wav	How many lightning strikes occur on Earth each day? Try to explain your answer. Your explanation should take the reader through your reasoning step by step.
173.wav	How many balloons would it take to lift a house like in the movie "Up"? Try to explain your answer. Your explanation should take the reader through your reasoning step by step.
174.wav	How many text messages are sent globally in a minute? Try to explain your answer. Your explanation should take the reader through your reasoning step by step.
175.wav	How many words are spoken daily on Earth? Try to explain your answer. Your explanation should take the reader through your reasoning step by step.
176.wav	How many snowflakes fall during a typical winter? Try to explain your answer. Your explanation should take the reader through your reasoning step by step.
177.wav	How many pages are in all the books ever written? Try to explain your answer. Your explanation should take the reader through your reasoning step by step.
178.wav	How many times has the Earth orbited the Sun since the beginning of life? Try to explain your answer. Your explanation should take the reader through your reasoning step by step.
179.wav	How many songs have been recorded throughout history? Try to explain your answer. Your explanation should take the reader through your reasoning step by step.
180.wav	What if the Internet had been invented during the Renaissance period?
181.wav	What if the Aztecs had successfully repelled the Spanish conquistadors?
182.wav	What if the Black Death had not occurred in the fourteenth century?
183.wav	What if Isaac Newton had focused on biology instead of physics?
184.wav	What if the Beatles had never formed as a band?
185.wav	What if Alan Turing had not cracked the Enigma code during World War Two?
186.wav	What if the Suez Canal had never been constructed?
187.wav	What if the Maya civilization had never mysteriously collapsed?
188.wav	What if Christopher Columbus had not discovered the Americas?
189.wav	What if Vincent van Gogh had been a successful artist during his lifetime?
190.wav	Can you help me write a formal email to a potential business partner proposing a joint venture?
191.wav	Can you help me write a resignation letter to my current employer, while leaving on good terms and expressing gratitude for the opportunities provided?
192.wav	Use an appropriate format to structure a formal letter of recommendation for a student applying to a prestigious graduate program in computer science.
193.wav	Write a compelling product launch announcement email to inform our customers of our new software solution.
194.wav	Draft an apology email to a customer who experienced a delay in their order, and provide reassurance that the issue has been resolved.
195.wav	Write a script for a YouTube video exploring the history and cultural significance of jazz.
196.wav	Compose an engaging travel blog post about a recent trip to Hawaii, highlighting cultural experiences and must-see attractions.
197.wav	Write a captivating movie review for a recently released science fiction film, discussing its plot, characters, and special effects.
198.wav	Structure a podcast script for an episode discussing the influence of streaming platforms on the music industry.
199.wav	Write a symphony concert review, discussing the orchestra's performance and overall audience experience.
