1.wav	It is one thing to say that something should be done, but quite a different matter to do it. 
2.wav	It is better to yield than to come to misfortune through stubbornness. 
3.wav	Preparedness for war is the best guarantee of peace. 
4.wav	Even the weakest may find means to avenge a wrong. 
5.wav	Do not believe everything you hear. 
6.wav	Do not tell others how to act unless you can set a good example. 
7.wav	You are judged by the company you keep. 
8.wav	It is easy to be brave when there is no danger. 
9.wav	A change of habits will not alter nature. 
10.wav	The same measures will not suit all circumstances. 
11.wav	A knave's hypocrisy is easily seen through. 
12.wav	However unfortunate we may think we are there is always someone worse off than ourselves. 
13.wav	Stick to your trade. 
14.wav	Be sure of your pedigree before you boast of it. 
15.wav	Learn from my fate not to take pity on a scoundrel. 
16.wav	Good will is worth nothing unless it is accompanied by good acts. 
17.wav	An act of kindness is well repaid. 
18.wav	It is wicked to take advantage of another's distress. 
19.wav	Better to bear a lesser evil than to risk a greater in removing it. 
20.wav	Set your sails with the wind. 
21.wav	Misfortune is the test of true friendship. 
22.wav	Give a finger and lose a hand. 
23.wav	In quarreling about the shadow we often lose the substance. 
24.wav	The wicked deserve no aid. 
25.wav	Pride goes before a fall. 
26.wav	Never give up. 
27.wav	Choose your friends wisely. 
28.wav	Chose good friends carefully. 
29.wav	Try your best and you can achieve. 
30.wav	It doesn't matter if you are the same, you should stick up for each other. 
31.wav	Never bully anyone no matter how small. 
32.wav	You should never do something if you don't know how to do it. 
33.wav	Study everything before you play. 
34.wav	Don't be bad or bad things will happen to you. 
35.wav	Take love when given even if you don't want it! 
36.wav	It doesn't matter how fast or how slow, we can all be friends. 
37.wav	Don't follow the crowd. 
38.wav	Don't trust strangers. 
39.wav	Be patient. 
40.wav	Never take anything without permission. 
41.wav	Just because someone's different, it doesn't mean he cannot become your friend. 
42.wav	Be patient. 
43.wav	Enemies might become friends. 
44.wav	Never say rude things to friend because anything can happen. 
45.wav	Never trust a predator! 
46.wav	Don't make promises that you can't keep. 
47.wav	It's better to be rich in christ than rich in money. 
48.wav	Don't let anyone scare you all the time. 
49.wav	Gentle persuasion is better than force. 
50.wav	Use words to heal, not to hurt. 
51.wav	You can be friends with someone who is different if you think about what they like. 
52.wav	Helping others feels good. 
53.wav	This fable is applicable to those men who, under false pretences, oppress the innocent. 
54.wav	According to the moral of this fable, poverty is safe; great riches are liable to danger. 
55.wav	This story may be applied to him who is courageous in prosperity, in times of danger takes to flight. 
56.wav	Rashness brings luck to a few, misfortune to most. 
57.wav	He who often cogitates upon the death of others, little knows what sad fate he may be preparing for himself. 
58.wav	This fable is written for those women who unite themselves to ignorant and foolish men. 
59.wav	If a person gives up to others the safeguard under which he has previously lived in security, he will afterwards wish it back, but in vain. 
60.wav	He who, while he is of no standing, boasts to be of a lofty one, falls under contempt when he comes to be known. 
61.wav	'tis greatly to the credit of children to be obedient to their parents. 
62.wav	Kindness effects more than severity. 
63.wav	Might makes right. 
64.wav	Never soar aloft on an enemy's pinions4. 
65.wav	It is useless attacking the insensible. 
66.wav	One good turn deserves another. 
67.wav	Enemies promises were made to be broken4. 
68.wav	Harm hatch, harm catch. 
69.wav	Benefits bestowed1 upon the evil-disposed increase their  means of injuring you. 
70.wav	Wit always has an answer ready. 
71.wav	Youth's first duty is reverence3 to parents. 
72.wav	The desire for imaginary benefits often involves the loss of. 
73.wav	Avoid a remedy that is worse than the disease. 
74.wav	We often despise what is most useful to us. 
75.wav	A false tale often betrays itself. 
76.wav	Familiarity breeds1 contempt2. 
77.wav	When you are in a man's power you must do as he bids you. 
78.wav	Pride goes before destruction. 
79.wav	not everything you see is what it appears to be.
80.wav	Those who assume a character which does not belong to them, only make themselves ridiculous. 
81.wav	Union gives strength. 
82.wav	It shows an evil disposition2 to take advantage of a friend in distress3. 
83.wav	You will only injure yourself if you. 
84.wav	Thy pride is but the prologue of thy shame. 
85.wav	Men often bear little grievances3 with less courage than they do large misfortunes. 
86.wav	Be not hasty to envy the condition of others. 
87.wav	Traitors must expect treachery. 
88.wav	Do not ask obvious questions. 
89.wav	Nature will out. 
90.wav	Never believe a captive's promise. 
91.wav	Those who strive are often watched by others who will take advantage of their defeat to benefit themselves. 
92.wav	Never supply the means of your own destruction. 
93.wav	Things may not be what they seem. 
94.wav	Attempt not impossibilities. 
95.wav	To enjoy our blessings we must have freedom. 
96.wav	There were politicians in aesop's time. 
97.wav	One bad turn deserves another. 
98.wav	Nothing escapes the master's eye. 
99.wav	Better humble security than gilded danger. 
100.wav	Destroy the seed of evil, or it will grow up to your ruin. 
101.wav	He who offers bribes needs watching, for his intentions are not honest. 
102.wav	The strong and the weak cannot keep company. 
103.wav	Hope not to succeed in borrowed plumes. 
104.wav	A witty answer will serve its purpose. 
105.wav	Mother's love has no equals. 
106.wav	Shadows are not realities. 
107.wav	Never masquerade as someone else. 
108.wav	Empty words cannot become facts. 
109.wav	Cunning words are undependable. 
110.wav	Don't play with the leaders. 
111.wav	Think and work hard, you may find solution to any problem. 
112.wav	Don't believe selfish person's words. 
113.wav	The origin of good manners. 
114.wav	Every child can overcome the fear of the dark by modifying his or her own thoughts and expectations. 
115.wav	The animals believed the whole world must be just like their own part of it. 
116.wav	A pervasive negative atmosphere can be dispelled by the presence of one infectiously cheerful individual. 
117.wav	Some things cannot be achieved alone, and working together to do them can foster friendship. 
118.wav	Always make the most of what you've got. 
119.wav	Mind your own business. 
120.wav	Always listen to what your elders say. 
121.wav	No one can let its prey escape. 
122.wav	He who offers bribes needs watching, for his intentions are not honest. 
123.wav	Better starve free than be a fat slave. 
124.wav	God listens to the true praters done from the heart with good intentions. 
125.wav	If you are wise, you can overcome the greatest hurdle. 
126.wav	Gratitude and greed go not together. 
127.wav	We should not be lazy in doing our work. 
128.wav	An intelligent person should not think that others are illiterate. 
129.wav	Don't count your chickens before they are hatched. 
130.wav	I believe that we are at a very low level of consciousness and we do not know how to treat each other as human beings. We are caught up in our own lives, our own needs, our own ego gratification. I feel a strong sense of responsibility in delivering that message. 
131.wav	If we value relationship, we will not break it. . 
132.wav	Believe, when you are most unhappy, that there is something for you to do in the world. 
133.wav	One begins by plaguing oneself to no purpose in order to be true to natureand one concludes by working quietly from one's own palette alone and then nature is the result. 
134.wav	Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance. 
135.wav	Insist on yourself, never imitate. Your own gift you can offer with the cumulative force of a whole life's cultivation, but of the adopted talent of another, you have only an extemporaneous, half possession. 
136.wav	People can try to reinvent themselves. I don't think you can really change who you are, though because who you are is pretty much where you came from and what you have done up to now. 
137.wav	The most important practical lesson that can be given to nurses is to teach them what to observe - how to observe - what symptoms indicate improvement - what the reverse - which are of importance - which are of none - which are the evidence of neglect - and of what kind of neglect. 
138.wav	There are three classes of people: those who see, those who see when they are shown, those who do not see. 
139.wav	Nations consist of people. And with their effort, a nation can accomplish all it could ever want. 
140.wav	There are books of which the backs and covers are by far the best parts. 
141.wav	And as long as you are subject to birth and death, you will never attain enlightenment. 
142.wav	Here are some interesting facts about vedas. 
143.wav	Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope. 
144.wav	Don't wait. Do something when you are young, when you have nothing to lose and keep that in mind. 
145.wav	Carefully watch your thoughts, for they become your words. Manage and watch your words, for they will become your actions. Consider and judge your actions, for they have become your habits. Acknowledge and watch your habits, for they shall become your values. Understand and embrace your values, for they become your destiny. 
146.wav	Words are a pretext. It is the inner bond that draws one person to another, not words. 
147.wav	Slow and steady can win the race. 
148.wav	Perfection does not come from belief or faith. Talk does not count for anything. Parrots can do that. Perfection comes through selfless work. 
149.wav	True perfection is a bold quest to seek. Only the willing and true of heart will seek the betterment of many. 
150.wav	What one does is what counts and not what one had the intention of doing. 
151.wav	The artist is a receptacle for emotions that come from all over the place: from the sky, from the earth, from a scrap of paper, from a passing shape, from a spider's web. 
152.wav	A happy man is too satisfied with the present to dwell too much on the future. 
153.wav	Never do wrong to other. . 
154.wav	Everyone person is significant and deserve your attention and respect. 
155.wav	Here pig covered in mud represents people with negative energy. When we interact with such people, we allow our space to be infiltrated by that energy too. Elephant represents our-self. Even though elephant could have reacted to this but he was wise and understood that he need not to waste his energy on such petty thing and ignored it. 
156.wav	We should respect differences also as everything has it's own importance in this world. 
157.wav	With presence of mind one can change tricky situation in to one's own favor. 
158.wav	Everything around us is reflection of our own thoughts, feelings and actions. World acts like a a big mirror. So always try to be positive and good to others. 
159.wav	Whenever we try to do something wrong, even if we hide it from everyone else yet we can't hide it from our-self. So we should never do anything wrong. 
160.wav	Boatman and scholar.. ! ! 
161.wav	If we ourselves don't give hundred percent in a relation then we will always have doubt and kept on wondering what if partner is doing same with you. So always be true to yourself and partner. 
162.wav	Don't wait to spend time with kids. Slow down and enjoy and spend with family. Once time pass away you will not get that back and its better to enjoy life now then to regret later. 
163.wav	To love is something and to be loved is something but to love and to be loved in return is everything. So never take love for ranted and always value the ones who love you. 
164.wav	It's important to let go off your stresses. Don't carry your burdens and stress into evening and then night. 
165.wav	World is like mirror. It gives back the reflection of the thoughts in which one believed strongly. So, you are the only person who can influence your happiness, success and only person who can help yourself. 
166.wav	It is easy to be brave when there is no danger. Don't compare two different situations without understanding them. 
167.wav	There are some who never changes their nature, regardless of how good we behave with them. Always stay alert and maintain the distance from those who are there only thinking about their own benefits. 
168.wav	Be responsible ! 
169.wav	Remember, anger and love have no limit.   always remember that things are to be used and people are to be loved.   but the problem in today's world is that people are being used  things are being loved. 
170.wav	Truth will always prevail. 
171.wav	Unity is strength. 
