1.wav	Does the Earth move or is it immobile?
2.wav	How far is Haryana from Delhi?
3.wav	What is consciousness?
4.wav	Is it chilly in Haiti
5.wav	Can yodeling really trigger avalanches?
6.wav	List of the most populated French islands.
7.wav	Why does nobody eat semolina?
8.wav	Planets smashed together and the rubble made the moon, but what made the universe?
9.wav	Are we building a generation of web addicts?
10.wav	Is it possible to take longer break from studying theoretical physics?
11.wav	Which day of the seven hath God appointed to be the weekly sabbath?
12.wav	Is the world is a better place than it was fifty years ago?
13.wav	Are we doing enough for sex workers?
14.wav	How do I grow a tomato plant?
15.wav	I'm struggling to begin writing my novel.
16.wav	Can i use Lastfm to listen to Twilight Time by Dj Khalil?
17.wav	Where can we find fish fillet?
18.wav	What can I do about my headache?
19.wav	What do you believe happens after death?
20.wav	What are the challenges in tackling homelessness?
21.wav	A list of bouncer software.
22.wav	Are virtues rooted in a universal human nature or in a plurality of cultures?
23.wav	What are the externalities associated with setting up a business?
24.wav	How do I turn the computer on?
25.wav	How do you deal with the unintended impacts of machine learning?
26.wav	What rule hath God given for our direction in prayer?
27.wav	And what are the criteria for selecting and sorting information?
28.wav	A summary of information about Canada.
29.wav	Do the objects have to retain their identity over time or do they change?
30.wav	Who is the dominant company in refrigeration equipment?
31.wav	Who is Max Schrems?
32.wav	If statements about game rules can be true or false, why not ethical statements?
33.wav	What is a lorry?
34.wav	How do I grow as a performer?
35.wav	I wonder if plastic plants make a room more beautiful or more melancholic.
36.wav	What about the Strong Equivalence Principle?
37.wav	There's not much evidence that homeopathy works, but what's the harm?
