1.wav	Here’s a short fable: The mice once called a meeting to decide on a plan to free themselves of their enemy, the cat. At least they wished to find some way of knowing when she was coming, so they might have time to run away. Indeed, something had to be done, for they lived in such constant fear of her claws that they hardly dared stir from their dens by night or day. Many plans were discussed, but none of them was thought good enough. At last a very young mouse got up and said:"I have a plan that seems very simple, but I know it will be successful.all we have to do is to hang a bell about the cat's neck. when we hear the bell ringing we will know immediately that our enemy is coming."All the mice were much surprised that they had not thought of such a plan before. But in the midst of the rejoicing over their good fortune, an old mouse arose and said:"I will say that the plan of the young mouse is very good. but let me ask one question: who will bell the cat?"  What is the moral of this story? 
2.wav	Here’s a short fable: Two goats, frisking gayly on the rocky steeps of a mountain valley, chanced to meet, one on each side of a deep chasm through which poured a mighty mountain torrent. The trunk of a fallen tree formed the only means of crossing the chasm, and on this not even two squirrels could have passed each other in safety. The narrow path would have made the bravest tremble. Not so our goats. Their pride would not permit either to stand aside for the other. One set her foot on the log. The other did likewise. In the middle they met horn to horn. Neither would give way, and so they both fell, to be swept away by the roaring torrent below.  What is the moral of this story? 
3.wav	Here’s a short fable: A wild boar was sharpening his tusks busily against the stump of a tree, when a fox happened by. Now the fox was always looking for a chance to make fun of his neighbors. So he made a great show of looking anxiously about, as if in fear of some hidden enemy. But the boar kept right on with his work. "Why are you doing that?" Asked the fox at last with a grin. "There isn't any danger that I can see.""True enough," Replied the boar, "But when danger does come there will not be time for such work as this. my weapons will have to be ready for use then, or I shall suffer for it."  What is the moral of this story? 
4.wav	Here’s a short fable: A beetle once begged the eagle to spare a hare which had run to her for protection. But the eagle pounced upon her prey, the sweep of her great wings tumbling the beetle a dozen feet away. Furious at the disrespect shown her, the beetle flew to the eagle's nest and rolled out the eggs. Not one did she spare. The eagle's grief and anger knew no bounds, but who had done the cruel deed she did not know. Next year the eagle built her nest far up on a mountain crag; but the beetle found it and again destroyed the eggs. In despair the eagle now implored great jupiter to let her place her eggs in his lap. There none would dare harm them. But the beetle buzzed about jupiter's head, and made him rise to drive her away; and the eggs rolled from his lap. Now the beetle told the reason for her action, and jupiter had to acknowledge the justice of her cause. And they say that ever after, while the eagle's eggs lie in the nest in spring, the beetle still sleeps in the ground. For so jupiter commanded.  What is the moral of this story? 
5.wav	Here’s a short fable: Early one morning a hungry wolf was prowling around a cottage at the edge of a village, when he heard a child crying in the house. Then he heard the mother's voice say:"Hush, child, hush! stop your crying, or I will give you to the wolf!"Surprised but delighted at the prospect of so delicious a meal, the wolf settled down under an open window, expecting every moment to have the child handed out to him. But though the little one continued to fret, the wolf waited all day in vain. Then, toward nightfall, he heard the mother's voice again as she sat down near the window to sing and rock her baby to sleep. "There, child, there! the wolf shall not get you. no, no! daddy is watching and daddy will kill him if he should come near!"Just then the father came within sight of the home, and the wolf was barely able to save himself from the dogs by a clever bit of running.  What is the moral of this story? 
6.wav	Here’s a short fable: "Why in the world do you walk sideways like that?" Said a mother crab to her son. "You should always walk straight forward with your toes turned out.""Show me how to walk, mother dear," Answered the little crab obediently, "I want to learn."So the old crab tried and tried to walk straight forward. But she could walk sideways only, like her son. And when she wanted to turn her toes out she tripped and fell on her nose.  What is the moral of this story? 
7.wav	Here’s a short fable: A stork of a very simple and trusting nature had been asked by a gay party of cranes to visit a field that had been newly planted. But the party ended dismally with all the birds entangled in the meshes of the farmer's net. The stork begged the farmer to spare him. "Please let me go," He pleaded. "I belong to the stork family who you know are honest and birds of good character. besides, I did not know the cranes were going to steal.""You may be a very good bird," Answered the farmer, "But I caught you with the thieving cranes and you will have to share the same punishment with them."  What is the moral of this story? 
8.wav	Here’s a short fable: One day a shepherd discovered a fat pig in the meadow where his sheep were pastured. He very quickly captured the porker, which squealed at the top of its voice the moment the shepherd laid his hands on it. You would have thought, to hear the loud squealing, that the pig was being cruelly hurt. But in spite of its squeals and struggles to escape, the shepherd tucked his prize under his arm and started off to the butcher's in the market place. The sheep in the pasture were much astonished and amused at the pig's behavior, and followed the shepherd and his charge to the pasture gate. "What makes you squeal like that?" Asked one of the sheep. "The shepherd often catches and carries off one of us. but we should feel very much ashamed to make such a terrible fuss about it like you do.""That is all very well," Replied the pig, with a squeal and a frantic kick. "When he catches you he is only after your wool. but he wants my bacon! gree-ee-ee!"  What is the moral of this story? 
9.wav	Here’s a short fable: A raven, which you know is black as coal, was envious of the swan, because her feathers were as white as the purest snow. The foolish bird got the idea that if he lived like the swan, swimming and diving all day long and eating the weeds and plants that grow in the water, his feathers would turn white like the swan's. So he left his home in the woods and fields and flew down to live on the lakes and in the marshes. But though he washed and washed all day long, almost drowning himself at it, his feathers remained as black as ever. And as the water weeds he ate did not agree with him, he got thinner and thinner, and at last he died.  What is the moral of this story? 
10.wav	Here’s a short fable: A merchant, driving his ass homeward from the seashore with a heavy load of salt, came to a river crossed by a shallow ford. They had crossed this river many times before without accident, but this time the ass slipped and fell when halfway over. And when the merchant at last got him to his feet, much of the salt had melted away. Delighted to find how much lighter his burden had become, the ass finished the journey very gayly. Next day the merchant went for another load of salt. On the way home the ass, remembering what had happened at the ford, purposely let himself fall into the water, and again got rid of most of his burden. The angry merchant immediately turned about and drove the ass back to the seashore, where he loaded him with two great baskets of sponges. At the ford the ass again tumbled over; but when he had scrambled to his feet, it was a very disconsolate ass that dragged himself homeward under a load ten times heavier than before.  What is the moral of this story? 
11.wav	Here’s a short fable: A wolf had been hurt in a fight with a bear. He was unable to move and could not satisfy his hunger and thirst. A sheep passed by near his hiding place, and the wolf called to him. "Please fetch me a drink of water," He begged, "That might give me strength enough so I can get me some solid food.""Solid food!" Said the sheep. "That means me, I suppose. if I should bring you a drink, it would only serve to wash me down your throat. don't talk to me about a drink!"  What is the moral of this story? 
12.wav	Here’s a short fable: Hares, as you know, are very timid. The least shadow, sends them scurrying in fright to a hiding place. Once they decided to die rather than live in such misery. But while they were debating how best to meet death, they thought they heard a noise and in a flash were scampering off to the warren. On the way they passed a pond where a family of frogs was sitting among the reeds on the bank. In an instant the startled frogs were seeking safety in the mud. "Look," Cried a hare, "Things are not so bad after all, for here are creatures who are even afraid of us!"  What is the moral of this story? 
13.wav	Here’s a short fable: An ass was feeding in a pasture near a wood when he saw a wolf lurking in the shadows along the hedge. He easily guessed what the wolf had in mind, and thought of a plan to save himself. So he pretended he was lame, and began to hobble painfully. When the wolf came up, he asked the ass what had made him lame, and the ass replied that he had stepped on a sharp thorn. "Please pull it out," He pleaded, groaning as if in pain. "If you do not, it might stick in your throat when you eat me."The wolf saw the wisdom of the advice, for he wanted to enjoy his meal without any danger of choking. So the ass lifted up his foot and the wolf began to search very closely and carefully for the thorn. Just then the ass kicked out with all his might, tumbling the wolf a dozen paces away. And while the wolf was getting very slowly and painfully to his feet, the ass galloped away in safety. "Serves me right," Growled the wolf as he crept into the bushes. "I'm a butcher by trade, not a doctor."  What is the moral of this story? 
14.wav	Here’s a short fable: A mule had had a long rest and much good feeding. He was feeling very vigorous indeed, and pranced around loftily, holding his head high. "My father certainly was a full-blooded racer," He said. "I can feel that distinctly."Next day he was put into harness again and that evening he was very downhearted indeed. "I was mistaken," He said. "My father was an ass after all."  What is the moral of this story? 
15.wav	Here’s a short fable: A farmer walked through his field one cold winter morning. On the ground lay a snake, stiff and frozen with the cold. The farmer knew how deadly the snake could be, and yet he picked it up and put it in his bosom to warm it back to life. The snake soon revived, and when it had enough strength, bit the man who had been so kind to it. The bite was deadly and the farmer felt that he must die. As he drew his last breath, he said to those standing around:  What is the moral of this story? 
16.wav	Here’s a short fable: A stag had fallen sick. He had just strength enough to gather some food and find a quiet clearing in the woods, where he lay down to wait until his strength should return. The animals heard about the stag's illness and came to ask after his health. Of course, they were all hungry, and helped themselves freely to the stag's food; and as you would expect, the stag soon starved to death.  What is the moral of this story? 
17.wav	Here’s a short fable: A serpent had succeeded in surprising an eagle and had wrapped himself around the eagle's neck. The eagle could not reach the serpent, neither with beak nor claws. Far into the sky he soared trying to shake off his enemy. But the serpent's hold only tightened, and slowly the eagle sank back to earth, gasping for breath. A countryman chanced to see the unequal combat. In pity for the noble eagle he rushed up and soon had loosened the coiling serpent and freed the eagle. The serpent was furious. He had no chance to bite the watchful countryman. Instead he struck at the drinking horn, hanging at the countryman's belt, and into it let fly the poison of his fangs. The countryman now went on toward home. Becoming thirsty on the way, he filled his horn at a spring, and was about to drink. There was a sudden rush of great wings. Sweeping down, the eagle seized the poisoned horn from out his savior's hands, and flew away with it to hide it where it could never be found.  What is the moral of this story? 
18.wav	Here’s a short fable: A bull once escaped from a lion by entering a cave which the goatherds used to house their flocks in stormy weather and at night. It happened that one of the goats had been left behind, and the bull had no sooner got inside than this goat lowered his head and made a rush at him, butting him with his horns. As the lion was still prowling outside the entrance to the cave, the bull had to submit to the insult. "Do not think," He said, "That I submit to your cowardly treatment because I am afraid of you. when that lion leaves, I'll teach you a lesson you won't forget."  What is the moral of this story? 
19.wav	Here’s a short fable: A fox, swimming across a river, was barely able to reach the bank, where he lay bruised and exhausted from his struggle with the swift current. Soon a swarm of blood-sucking flies settled on him; but he lay quietly, still too weak to run away from them. A hedgehog happened by. "Let me drive the flies away," He said kindly. "No, no!" Exclaimed the fox, "Do not disturb them! they have taken all they can hold. if you drive them away, another greedy swarm will come and take the little blood I have left."  What is the moral of this story? 
20.wav	Here’s a short fable: A bat blundered into the nest of a weasel, who ran up to catch and eat him. The bat begged for his life, but the weasel would not listen. "You are a mouse," He said, "And I am a sworn enemy of mice. every mouse I catch, I am going to eat!""But I am not a mouse!" Cried the bat. "Look at my wings. can mice fly? why, I am only a bird! please let me go!"The weasel had to admit that the bat was not a mouse, so he let him go. But a few days later, the foolish bat went blindly into the nest of another weasel. This weasel happened to be a bitter enemy of birds, and he soon had the bat under his claws, ready to eat him. "You are a bird," He said, "And I am going to eat you!""What," Cried the bat, "I, a bird! why, all birds have feathers! I am nothing but a mouse. 'down with all cats,' is my motto!"And so the bat escaped with his life a second time.  What is the moral of this story? 
21.wav	Here’s a short fable: Two men were traveling in company through a forest, when, all at once, a huge bear crashed out of the brush near them. One of the men, thinking of his own safety, climbed a tree. The other, unable to fight the savage beast alone, threw himself on the ground and lay still, as if he were dead. He had heard that a bear will not touch a dead body. It must have been true, for the bear snuffed at the man's head awhile, and then, seeming to be satisfied that he was dead, walked away. The man in the tree climbed down. "It looked just as if that bear whispered in your ear," He said. "What did he tell you?""He said," Answered the other, "That it was not at all wise to keep company with a fellow who would desert his friend in a moment of danger."  What is the moral of this story? 
22.wav	Here’s a short fable: A porcupine was looking for a good home. At last he found a little sheltered cave, where lived a family of snakes. He asked them to let him share the cave with them, and the snakes kindly consented. The snakes soon wished they had not given him permission to stay. His sharp quills pricked them at every turn, and at last they politely asked him to leave. "I am very well satisfied, thank you," Said the porcupine. "I intend to stay right here." And with that, he politely escorted the snakes out of doors. And to save their skins, the snakes had to look for another home.  What is the moral of this story? 
23.wav	Here’s a short fable: A traveler had hired an ass to carry him to a distant part of the country. The owner of the ass went with the traveler, walking beside him to drive the ass and point out the way. The road led across a treeless plain where the sun beat down fiercely. So intense did the heat become, that the traveler at last decided to stop for a rest, and as there was no other shade to be found, the traveler sat down in the shadow of the ass. Now the heat had affected the driver as much as it had the traveler, and even more, for he had been walking. Wishing also to rest in the shade cast by the ass, he began to quarrel with the traveler, saying he had hired the ass and not the shadow it cast. The two soon came to blows, and while they were fighting, the ass took to its heels.  What is the moral of this story? 
24.wav	Here’s a short fable: A fox was caught in a trap one fine morning, because he had got too near the farmer's hen house. No doubt he was hungry, but that was not an excuse for stealing. A cock, rising early, discovered what had happened. He knew the fox could not get at him, so he went a little closer to get a good look at his enemy. The fox saw a slender chance of escape. "Dear friend," He said, "I was just on my way to visit a sick relative, when I stumbled into this string and got all tangled up. but please do not tell anybody about it. I dislike causing sorrow to anybody, and I am sure I can soon gnaw this string to pieces."But the cock was not to be so easily fooled. He soon roused the whole hen yard, and when the farmer came running out, that was the end of mr. Fox.  What is the moral of this story? 
25.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once there were two cocks living in the same farmyard who could not bear the sight of each other. At last one day they flew up to fight it out, beak and claw. They fought until one of them was beaten and crawled off to a corner to hide. The cock that had won the battle flew to the top of the hen-house, and, proudly flapping his wings, crowed with all his might to tell the world about his victory. But an eagle, circling overhead, heard the boasting chanticleer and, swooping down, carried him off to his nest. His rival saw the deed, and coming out of his corner, took his place as master of the farmyard.  What is the moral of this story? 
26.wav	Here’s a short fable: One day a dragon and a dino met in the late jurassic period. The dragon said, "I'm stronger than you!" The dino said, "I'm the strongest dino ever!" The next day the dino and the dragon met in the forest. The dragon made half of a tree fall down with its big claws and fiery breath. The dragon said, "You can't beat that!" The dino started running toward a huge tree. The dino rammed the huge tree with its head. Nothing happened. The dragon laughed. Then the tree started to fall. The dragon just stared in total surprise.  What is the moral of this story? 
27.wav	Here’s a short fable: Mr. Pig was eating table scraps in the pen. A wolf walked by and said, "Graceful pig, let's be friends." Mr. Pig looked at him and told the wolf, "I don't know." The wolf said, "I will be an awesome friend." "Oh, alright," Mr. Pig answered. Mr. Pig walked up to the wolf. The wolf pounced on mr. Pig and ate him. "Mmmmmm. taste like bacon," The wolf said gracefully.  What is the moral of this story? 
28.wav	Here’s a short fable: A dog went to deep into a jungle. It saw a snake and asked, "Do you have no friends?" The snake answered, "Yes, I have no friends." The dog asked, "Will you be my friend?" The dog finished his sentence. They were friends over the next 18 days. One day they were playing together. The dog unintended to hurt snake. But snake became angry and bite the dog. The dos was killed by his bad friend.  What is the moral of this story? 
29.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once upon a time in greece, 2600 years ago, there lived a knight and a dragon. The dragon thought the knight was very weak and that he could easily beat him in a fair fight. The knight fought with the dragon and dragon lost. The dragon was very surprised that the knight was so strong. The dragon said, "Knight, would like to be my best friend? thank you for teaching me an important lesson."  What is the moral of this story? 
30.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once upon a time, there was a turtle named bob. One sunny day bob went for a walk. Bob talked to a bird named precious. As bob and precious were talking, bob said, "Precious, do you want to go to my house?" Precious said, "Yes, I would love to." So bob and precious headed to bob's house. Then precious saw a bush moving and saw that behind the bush was a snake named killer. When precious saw killer she hid in a high tree, but unfortunately bob was very slow. Killer teased bob until precious came down and scared killer away.  What is the moral of this story? 
31.wav	Here’s a short fable: One day elephant was planting his garden. But then he ran out of seeds. So he walked to the market. On his way, he stumbled across a tiny mouse. "Hey, you're in my way," Said elephant, "And so is your house." "Oh sir, I'm horribly sorry, but this is not my home," Said mouse. The elephant grabbed mouse and screamed, "Move your house!" "Ok, ok I will. " The next day elephant watered his garden and came back. "I'm working on it," Said mouse. "You better be," Said elephant. So every day from then on, elephant kept coming back again and again. But then elephant got so angry, he ran as fast as he could, but he stopped and the mouse was not there. He ran away and the elephant was never heard from again.  What is the moral of this story? 
32.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once there was a lion and a dolphin. Dolphin was swimming in a pool when lion came along. Dolphin said, "Want to swim with me?" "Yah," Said the lion. The lion kept trying to swim. But finally he got out of the pool. He said to the dolphin, "Want to play on the playground?" "Yes!" Replied dolphin. We can play on the slide. It started to rain and the dolphin couldn't move. The lion ran away. The dolphin was yelling, "Help! help!" Then a snake came over and helped so they could get out of the rain. Snake and dolphin became friends.  What is the moral of this story? 
33.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once upon a time there was a girl named sarah who had a big test the next day. She was so lazy and she was playing with her dog pochi. Her mother said, "Are you sure that you know the test material?" "Yes, mom. I know it." And she played and played and played until it was time for the big test. She had lots of minutes. But the next day came and with it came the big test. Sarah got a bad mark.  What is the moral of this story? 
34.wav	Here’s a short fable: One day there was a cat named lucy. She was very kind. She used to get lots of treats. Then three bad dogs named spike, lala, and ruff were very jealous so they decided to hurt lucy. The next day when lucy was eating her treats, the dogs tried to hurt her. Spike's owner saw what happened and told lala and ruffs owners. The jealous dogs were very mad. So they sent the three dogs to the pound.  What is the moral of this story? 
35.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once upon a time there was a dog who was bored. His name was dog. He was lazy and turned and turned. Soon there was a cat who was so energetic that she was bouncing. "Come play with me, dog!!! we will have fun!!" Cat suggested. Dog turned and looked and shook his head. "No! I will not play with a filthy cat," Dog replied angrily. Cat turned and walked away. A month later dog was hated. He didn't do anything. Cat came by. She saw him. "You should have played with me, dog. then you wouldn't have such a hard time and be alone!" "Well, cat, you're right. I should have played with you," Dog said sadly. "Can you still play with me, cat?" He asked. Cat nodded. They played every day.  What is the moral of this story? 
36.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once upon a time there was a turtle named medina, and a lion named sleeper. They were best friends. The lion was fast, but medina was slow. Medina was sad because he was not fast like sleeper. So in every game they played, sleeper would slow down so medina could keep up without stopping the game.  What is the moral of this story? 
37.wav	Here’s a short fable: Bob and jim were playing underground. "Tonight we are going to the surface. you should come with us," Dan and jim said to bob. "No!" Bob said. Dan and jim said, "We will not be your friend if you don't do it." "No," Bob said. They were arguing and bob was following them. They lead him to the top of the ground. Dan and jim got taken to be used as bait for fishing.  What is the moral of this story? 
38.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once upon a time there was a piranha and a catfish. The piranha saw the catfish on skype. Piranha said, "Come to my house for lunch." The catfish went over to his house. The piranha was sharpening his teeth. "Hi my lunch," The piranha said. The catfish ran away and said, "I'm not your lunch!" Then the piranha went over and knocked on the door. Catfish trapped piranha.  What is the moral of this story? 
39.wav	Here’s a short fable: There was a really kind bear. He let the cheeky monkey eat his food at the campfire. One day the monkey came to the campfire and asked for lots of food. The bear said that it wasn't cooked, but the monkey didn't listen. He took all the food and quickly ate it. Luckily the bear still had some food left and after a few minutes his food was cooked. The bear was enjoying his meal while the monkey got sick.  What is the moral of this story? 
40.wav	Here’s a short fable: One day on a beach, a greedy sea gull kept stealing fish from a pelican. The pelican ignored the sea gull and flew to the ocean to catch another fish. When the sea gull flew back to the dock with his fish, the sea gull flew to the pelican and stole his lunch. Sea gull didn't realize the fish was coated with oil and ate it. Oil isn't good for sea gulls so sea gull got very sick.  What is the moral of this story? 
41.wav	Here’s a short fable: There once was a tiger. His mom asked him to look for food. When he did he saw something perfectly splendid. It was a young cow. He snuck up about to jump. But she took off like a race car. They ran at the same speed. Then, after a while spending time racing and resting, they became close friends. Their parents came looking for them. They saw that they had raced of together and became close friends.  What is the moral of this story? 
42.wav	Here’s a short fable: There once was a mother cat, a brother cat, a sister cat, and a a little kitten. The big brother and sister were very good because they were older and much more wise. The little kitten, on the other hand, was too small and little to be wise and she wasn't big enough to be good. One afternoon the mother cat made chicken soup. It was very hot so the mother told her young ones to not eat it until it had cooled. Yet, when they closed their eyes and were praying, the little kitten took a taste of the soup. She burnt her tongue so she could not eat and enjoy the delicious soup.  What is the moral of this story? 
43.wav	Here’s a short fable: A mouse was waiting for the cat to wake up because he wanted to make a deal with her. The cat woke up and saw the mouse. She got ready to eat him when the mouse said, "Stop." The cat stopped. She let him tell her his deal. The cat agreed to be friends. They went on to be friends forever.  What is the moral of this story? 
44.wav	Here’s a short fable: One day, as the lion was walking around in the woods, he can across a smelly skunk. The skunk would always say that the lion smells awesome. But the lion could not think like that. The wanted to say that the skunk smells like trash, but the lion wouldn't want to say that to her and hurt the skunk's feelings. So he went up to the skunk, smiled, and said "You smell the best." But as the days went on the lion got mad, very mad. Then the lion went up to the skunk before she could say a word and said, "You know skunk, you smell awful," And then turned around. Then the skunk replied, "Well, you know mr. lion, that was very mean to say," And she ran away. Then the lion was lonely because he lost his friend.  What is the moral of this story? 
45.wav	Here’s a short fable: On a grassy plane, a tiger asked a rabbit to help him find food for his baby. "Will you help me, rabbit? my baby needs so much food. by myself I cannot ever get enough."Being the friendly and caring rabbit that he was, rabbit agreed to help the tiger. As they searched the savanna, the tiger kept a close eye on the rabbit. When they had enough, they went back to the tiger's den to feed the baby tiger. "Awww, he's so cute," The rabbit said. Just then the baby tiger roared, opened his mouth wide, and swallowed the rabbit.  What is the moral of this story? 
46.wav	Here’s a short fable: This is the story of a baby bird who would always break his promise. He would break his promises all day and all night. He broke his promises just so he could do what he liked. One night, mama bird was about to eat dinner. She called out, "Come and get your dinner." "I'll be right down," Said the youngest bird, but he ignored her and just kept doing what he was doing. Finally, when he came down, his mother said, "I think you've been ignoring me and breaking promises. there is no dinner left." "Okay, okay. I admit it. I have been ignoring you every time. I'm very, very sorry. I hope you'll forgive me," He said sadly. "Well, I am very disappointed that you ignored me, but I am glad you told the truth and so, I think I might of saved you a plate". Mama brought it over the baby bird. They ate dinner together. The lynx and the urialmakiyah s.  What is the moral of this story? 
47.wav	Here’s a short fable: There once was a zebra and a lion. The zebra was a christian, and the lion was not. But the lion was rich, and he thought the zebra was pretty and wanted to marry her. One day the zebra was munching on dead grass when the fat, rich lion saw her and said to himself, "She is a pretty zebra." So he walked up to her. The lion told her how he felt and the zebra said, "I will only marry you if you are a christian.""I am not! but you will marry me, no matter what!", demanded the lion. "You don't have faith!", exclaimed the zebra. The lion walked away. The next day all his money was stolen by a robber. He was rich in nothing, but the zebra was still rich in something. It was jesus!  What is the moral of this story? 
48.wav	Here’s a short fable: In the forest, there was a deer and an owl. The deer loved to scare this fearful owl all the time. One day, the deer scared the owl so hard, the owl past out. The deer ran away, and the owl woke up and came to her senses. She had had enough of being scared. She went to the deer and said, "I'm not scared of you." She said this with such a force that the deer backed down.  What is the moral of this story? 
49.wav	Here’s a short fable: One day, the fox, ocean, the lynx, hazel, and the bunny, snow were sent to camp out in the forest. After some time had passed, they reach the core of the forest. The fox and the lynx had a job to get firewood. Neither the sassy fox, nor the calm lynx wanted to go get firewood. The fox thought she would demand bunny to get the firewood. She walked to the bunny and yelled, "Go get the firewood, now!" Bunny started to cry. The lynx wiped away the bunny's tears and asked her nicely if she would help. The bunny agreed to help the lynx.  What is the moral of this story? 
50.wav	Here’s a short fable: On a hillside, there was a leopard jumping rope and a rabbit catching butterflies. When the leopard looked at rabbit's two ears, she started to call her names and insult her. The rabbit scurried off. The next day, the rabbit went to the farm to get some milk and she was timid because leopard was there. When leopard noticed the rabbit would not go for the milk, she said sorry and they started to be friends.  What is the moral of this story? 
51.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once upon a time, in the cold, blue ocean, a  whale shark and a killer whale became friends. The whale shark was gray with white spots and was 59 feet long. The killer whale was black with a white eye patch and tummy and was 27 feet long. Both had to eat a lot because they were so big. Whale sharks eat tiny plankton, but killer whales eat big, juicy salmon. The whale  shark invited the killer whale to dinner but the killer whale didn't eat  because she doesn't eat plankton. She was hungry so she said, "Come to my house and eat with me". So they both swam to the killer whale's house. But whale sharks don't eat salmon, so the whale shark didn't eat, and he was hungry. They decided they could not be friends because they didn't eat  the same thing. So the two friends cried. But eventually, they decided  to have a potluck dinner so they could each bring along their own dish. Then the whale shark could eat plankton, and the killer whale could eat salmon. The monkey and the cardinaljudith j.  What is the moral of this story? 
52.wav	Here’s a short fable: There once was a smart red monkey who lived in a massive jungle and a grumpy white wolf who lived nearby. One day monkey was eating a sweet mango in a tree. Monkey saw wolf chasing a rabbit. Wolf didn't know there was an old trap hunters placed a long time ago. Wolf ran into the trap and his foot got caught. "Owwww, help me!" Said wolf. Monkey climbed down the tree and used a sharp rock to cut the rope and set wolf free. Wolf was grateful for monkey's help, and they became friends.  What is the moral of this story? 
53.wav	Here’s a short fable: Driven by thirst, a wolf and a lamb had come to the same stream; the wolf stood above, and the lamb at a distance below. Then, the spoiler, prompted by a ravenous maw, alleged a pretext for a quarrel. "Why," Said he, "Have you made the water muddy for me while I am drinking?" The fleece-bearer, trembling, answered: "Prithee, wolf, how can I do what you complain of? the water is flowing downwards from you to where I am drinking." The other, disconcerted by the force of truth, exclaimed: "Six months ago, you slandered me." "Indeed," Answered 366 the lamb, "I was not born then." "By hercules," Said the wolf, "Then 'twas your father slandered me;" And so, snatching him up, he tore him to pieces, killing him unjustly.  What is the moral of this story? 
54.wav	Here’s a short fable: Laden with burdens, two mules were travelling along; the one was carrying baskets with money, the other sacks distended with store of barley. The former, rich with his burden, goes exulting along, with neck erect, and tossing to-and-fro upon his throat his clear-toned bell: his companion follows, with quiet and easy step. Suddenly some robbers rush from ambush upon them, and amid the slaughter pierce the mule with a sword, and carry off the money; the valueless barley they neglect. While, then, the one despoiled was bewailing their mishaps: "For my part," Says the other, "I am glad I was thought so little of; for I have lost nothing, nor have I received hurt by a wound."  What is the moral of this story? 
55.wav	Here’s a short fable: Two soldiers having fallen in with a robber, one fled, while the other stood his ground, and defended himself with a stout right-hand. The robber slain, his cowardly companion comes running up, and draws his sword; then throwing back his travelling cloak, says: "Let's have him;" "I'll take care he shall soon know whom he attacks." On this, he who had vanquished the robber made answer: "I wish you had seconded me just now at least with those words; I should have been still more emboldened, believing them true; now keep your sword quiet, as well as your silly tongue, that you may be able to deceive others who don't know you. I, who have experienced with what speed you take to your heels, know full well that no dependence is to be placed upon your valour."  What is the moral of this story? 
56.wav	Here’s a short fable: A man having sacrificed a young boar to the god hercules, to whom he owed performance of a vow made for the preservation of his health, ordered the remains of the barley to be set for the ass. But he refused to touch it, and said: "I would most willingly accept your food, if he who had been fed upon it had not had his throat cut."Warned by the significance of this fable, I have always been careful to avoid the gain that exposed to hazard. "But," Say you, "Those who have got riches by rapine, are still in possession of them." Come, then, let us enumerate those, who, being detected, have come to a bad end; you will find that those so punished constitute a great majority.  What is the moral of this story? 
57.wav	Here’s a short fable: A cock who had often fought with another cock, and been beaten, requested a hawk to act as umpire in the contest. 457 the latter conceived hopes, if both should come, of devouring him who should first present himself. Shortly after, when he saw that they had come to plead their cause, he seized the one who first brought his case into court. The victim clamorously exclaimed: "'tis not I that should be punished, but the one who took to flight;" The bird replied: "Do not suppose that you can this day escape my talons; it is just that you should now yourself endure the treacheries you were planning for another."  What is the moral of this story? 
58.wav	Here’s a short fable: A snail, smitten with admiration of a mirror which she had found, began to climb its shining face, and lick it, fancying she could confer no greater favour upon it, than to stain its brightness with her slime. An ape, when he saw the mirror thus defiled, remarked: "He who allows himself to be trodden by such beings, deserves to suffer such a disgrace."  What is the moral of this story? 
59.wav	Here’s a short fable: When the sheep and the wolves engaged in battle, the former, safe under the protection of the dogs, were victorious. The wolves sent ambassadors, and demanded a peace, 465 ratified on oath, on these terms; that the sheep should give up the dogs, and receive as hostages the whelps of the wolves. The sheep, hoping that lasting concord would be thus secured, did as the wolves demanded. Shortly after, when the whelps began to howl, the wolves, alleging as a pretext, that their young ones were being murdered, and that the peace had been broken by the sheep, made a simultaneous rush on every side, and attacked the latter thus deprived of protectors; and so a late repentance condemned their folly in putting faith in their enemies.  What is the moral of this story? 
60.wav	Here’s a short fable: A flea, chancing to sit on the back of a camel who was going along weighed down with heavy burdens, was quite delighted with himself, as he appeared to be so much higher. After they had made a long journey, they came together in the evening to the stable. The flea immediately exclaimed, skipping lightly to the ground: "See, I have got down directly, that I may not weary you any longer, so galled as you are." The camel replied: "I thank you; but neither 470 when you were on me did I find myself oppressed by your weight, nor do I feel myself at all lightened now you have dismounted."  What is the moral of this story? 
61.wav	Here’s a short fable: A she-goat, that she might keep her young one in safety, on going forth to feed, warned her heedless kid not to open the door, because she knew that many wild beasts were prowling about the cattle stalls. When she was gone, there came a wolf, imitating the voice of the dam, and ordered the door to be opened for him. When the kid heard him, looking through a chink, he said to the wolf: "I hear a sound like my mother's voice, but you are a deceiver, and an enemy to me; under my mother's voice you are seeking to drink my blood, and stuff yourself with my flesh. farewell."  What is the moral of this story? 
62.wav	Here’s a short fable: The wind and the sun were disputing which was the stronger. Suddenly they saw a traveller coming down the road, and the sunsaid: "I see a way to decide our dispute. whichever of us cancause that traveller to take off his cloak shall be regarded asthe stronger. you begin." So the sun retired1 behind a cloud, andthe wind began to blow as hard as it could upon the traveller. But the harder he blew the more closely did the traveller wrap hiscloak round him, till at last the wind had to give up in despair. Then the sun came out and shone in all his glory upon thetraveller, who soon found it too hot to walk with his cloak on.  What is the moral of this story? 
63.wav	Here’s a short fable: A wild ass1 and a lion entered into an alliance so that they mightcapture the beasts of the forest with greater ease. The lionagreed to assist the wild ass with his strength, while the wildass gave the lion the benefit of his greater speed. When theyhad taken as many beasts as their necessities required, the lionundertook to distribute the prey2, and for this purpose divided itinto three shares. "I will take the first share," He said,"Because I am king: and the second share, as a partner with youin the chase: and the third share  will be a sourceof great evil to you, unless you willingly resign it to me, andset off as fast as you can."  What is the moral of this story? 
64.wav	Here’s a short fable: A tortoise desired to change its place of residence, so heasked an eagle to carry him to his new home, promising1 her a richreward for her trouble. The eagle agreed and seizing the tortoiseby the shell with her talons2 soared aloft. On their way they meta crow, who said to the eagle: "Tortoise is good eating." "Theshell is too hard," Said the eagle in reply. "The rocks will sooncrack the shell," Was the crow's answer; and the eagle, taking thehint, let fall the tortoise on a sharp rock, and the two birdsmade a hearty3 meal of the tortoise.  What is the moral of this story? 
65.wav	Here’s a short fable: A serpent in the course of its wanderings came into anarmourer's shop. As he glided1 over the floor he felt his skinpricked by a file lying there. In a rage he turned round upon itand tried to dart2 his fangs3 into it; but he could do no harm toheavy iron and had soon to give over his wrath4.  What is the moral of this story? 
66.wav	Here’s a short fable: An eagle swooped1 down upon a serpent and seized it in his talonswith the intention of carrying it off and devouring2 it. But theserpent was too quick for him and had its coils round him in a moment;and then there ensued a life-and-death struggle between the two. Acountryman, who was a witness of the encounter, came to the assistanceof the eagle, and succeeded in freeing him from the serpent andenabling him to escape. In revenge, the serpent spat3 some of hispoison into the man's drinking-horn. Heated with his exertions4, theman was about to slake5 his thirst with a draught6 from the horn, whenthe eagle knocked it out of his hand, and spilled its contents uponthe ground.  What is the moral of this story? 
67.wav	Here’s a short fable: "Be quiet now," Said an old nurse to a child sitting on herlap. "If you make that noise again I will throw you to the wolf." Now it chanced that a wolf was passing close under the windowas this was said. So he crouched1 down by the side of the houseand waited. "I am in good luck to-day," Thought he. "It is sureto cry soon, and a daintier morsel2 I haven't had for many a longday." So he waited, and he waited, and he waited, till at lastthe child began to cry, and the wolf came forward before thewindow, and looked up to the nurse, wagging3 his tail. But all thenurse did was to shut down the window and call for help, and thedogs of the house came rushing out. "Ah," Said the wolf as hegalloped away,  What is the moral of this story? 
68.wav	Here’s a short fable: A mouse who always lived on the land, by an unlucky chance formedan intimate acquaintance with a frog, who lived for the most partin the water. The frog, one day intent on mischief1, bound thefoot of the mouse tightly to his own. Thus joined together, thefrog first of all led his friend the mouse to the meadow wherethey were accustomed to find their food. After this, hegradually led him towards the pool in which he lived, untilreaching the very brink2, he suddenly jumped in, dragging themouse with him. The frog enjoyed the water amazingly, and swamcroaking about, as if he had done a good deed. The unhappy mousewas soon suffocated3 by the water, and his dead body floated abouton the surface, tied to the foot of the frog. A hawk4 observedit, and, pouncing5 upon it with his talons6, carried it aloft. Thefrog, being still fastened to the leg of the mouse, was alsocarried off a prisoner, and was eaten by the hawk.  What is the moral of this story? 
69.wav	Here’s a short fable: A man who had been bitten by a dog went about in quest of someonewho might heal him. A friend, meeting him and learning what hewanted, said, "If you would be cured, take a piece of bread, anddip it in the blood from your wound, and go and give it to thedog that bit you." The man who had been bitten laughed at thisadvice and said, "Why? if I should do so, it would be as if ishould beg every dog in the town to bite me."  What is the moral of this story? 
70.wav	Here’s a short fable: A funny old lion, who had the misfortune to lose his mane, waswearing a wig1 as he was taking a stroll on a very windy day. Looking up, he spied one of the charming tiger sisters across thestreet, and, wishing to make an impression, smiled blandly2 and madea beautiful low bow. At that moment a very smart gust3 of wind came up,and the consequence was that his wig flew off and left him there,feeling foolish and looking worse, with his bald head glisteninglike a billiard ball. Though somewhat embarrassed at first, hesmiled at the lady and said: "Is it a wonder that another fellow'shair shouldn't keep on my head, when my own wouldn't stay there?"  What is the moral of this story? 
71.wav	Here’s a short fable: The lark1  was created before theearth itself, and when her father died, as there was no earth,she could find no place of burial for him. She let him lieuninterred for five days, and on the sixth day, not knowing whatelse to do, she buried him in her own head. Hence she obtainedher crest2, which is popularly said to be her father'sgrave-hillock.  What is the moral of this story? 
72.wav	Here’s a short fable: Tee kites of olden times, as well as the swans, had the privilegeof song. But having heard the neigh of the horse, they were soenchanted with the sound, that they tried to imitate it; and, intrying to neigh, they forgot how to sing.  What is the moral of this story? 
73.wav	Here’s a short fable: The pigeons, terrified by the appearance of a kite, called uponthe hawk1 to defend them. He at once consented. When they hadadmitted him into the cote, they found that he made more havocand slew2 a larger number of them in one day than the kite couldpounce upon in a whole year.  What is the moral of this story? 
74.wav	Here’s a short fable: The hart was once drinking from a pool and admiring the noblefigure he made there. "Ah," Said he, "Where can you see suchnoble horns as these, with such antlers! I wish I had legs moreworthy to bear such a noble crown; it is a pity they are so slimand slight." At that moment a hunter approached and sent an arrowwhistling after him. Away bounded the hart, and soon, by the aidof his nimble legs, was nearly out of sight of the hunter; but notnoticing where he was going, he passed under some trees withbranches growing low down in which his antlers were caught, sothat the hunter had time to come up. "Alas1! alas!" Cried thehart:  What is the moral of this story? 
75.wav	Here’s a short fable: A fox and a monkey were traveling together on the same road. Asthey journeyed, they passed through a cemetery1 full of monuments. "All these monuments which you see," Said the monkey, "Areerected in honor of my ancestors, who were in their day freedmenand citizens of great renown2." The fox replied, "You have chosena most appropriate subject for your falsehoods, as I am sure noneof your ancestors will be able to contradict you."  What is the moral of this story? 
76.wav	Here’s a short fable: When first the fox saw the lion he was terribly frightened,and ran away and hid himself in the wood. Next time however hecame near the king of beasts he stopped at a safe distance andwatched him pass by. The third time they came near one anotherthe fox went straight up to the lion and passed the time of daywith him, asking him how his family were, and when he should havethe pleasure of seeing him again; then turning his tail, he partedfrom the lion without much ceremony.  What is the moral of this story? 
77.wav	Here’s a short fable: A fisher once took his bagpipes1 to the bank of a river, andplayed upon them with the hope of making the fish rise; but nevera one put his nose out of the water. So he cast his net into theriver and soon drew it forth2 filled with fish. Then he took hisbagpipes again, and, as he played, the fish leapt up in the net. "Ah, you dance now when I play," Said he. "Yes," Said an old fish:  What is the moral of this story? 
78.wav	Here’s a short fable: Two game cocks were fiercely fighting for the mastery of thefarmyard. One at last put the other to flight. The vanquishedcock skulked1 away and hid himself in a quiet corner, while theconqueror, flying up to a high wall, flapped his wings and crowedexultingly with all his might. An eagle sailing through the airpounced upon him and carried him off in his talons2. Thevanquished cock immediately came out of his corner, and ruledhenceforth with undisputed mastery.  What is the moral of this story? 
79.wav	Here’s a short fable: A prince had some monkeys trained to dance. Being naturallygreat mimics1 of men's actions, they showed themselves most aptpupils, and when arrayed in their rich clothes and masks, theydanced as well as any of the courtiers. The spectacle was oftenrepeated with great applause, till on one occasion a courtier,bent on mischief2, took from his pocket a handful of nuts andthrew them upon the stage. The monkeys at the sight of the nutsforgot their dancing and became  monkeysinstead of actors. Pulling off their masks and tearing theirrobes, they fought with one another for the nuts. The dancingspectacle thus came to an end amidst the laughter and ridicule3 ofthe audience.  What is the moral of this story? 
80.wav	Here’s a short fable: A crow was jealous of the raven1, because he was considered a birdof good omen2 and always attracted the attention of men, who notedby his flight the good or evil course of future events. Seeingsome travelers approaching, the crow flew up into a tree, andperching herself on one of the branches, cawed as loudly as shecould. The travelers turned towards the sound and wondered whatit foreboded, when one of them said to his companion, "Let usproceed on our journey, my friend, for it is only the caw of acrow, and her cry, you know, is no omen."  What is the moral of this story? 
81.wav	Here’s a short fable: An old man on the point of death summoned his sons around himto give them some parting advice. He ordered his servants tobring in a faggot of sticks, and said to his eldest1 son: "Breakit." The son strained and strained, but with all his efforts wasunable to break the bundle. The other sons also tried, but noneof them was successful. "Untie2 the faggots," Said the father,"And each of you take a stick." When they had done so, he calledout to them: "Now, break," And each stick was easily broken. "Yousee my meaning," Said their father.  What is the moral of this story? 
82.wav	Here’s a short fable: A bull, escaping from a lion, hid in a cave which some shepherdshad recently occupied. As soon as he entered, a he-goat left inthe cave sharply attacked him with his horns. The bull quietlyaddressed him: "Butt1 away as much as you will. I have no fear ofyou, but of the lion. let that monster go away and I will soonlet you know what is the respective strength of a goat and abull."  What is the moral of this story? 
83.wav	Here’s a short fable: There was once a bald man who sat down after work on a hotsummer's day. A fly came up and kept buzzing about his bald pate,and stinging him from time to time. The man aimed a blow at hislittle enemy, but acks palm came on his head instead;again the fly tormented1 him, but this time the man was wiser andsaid:  What is the moral of this story? 
84.wav	Here’s a short fable: A bald knight1, who wore a wig2, went out to hunt. A sudden puffof wind blew off his hat and wig, at which a loud laugh rangforth from his companions. He pulled up his horse, and withgreat glee joined in the joke by saying, "What a marvel3 it isthat hairs which are not mine should fly from me, when they haveforsaken even the man on whose head they grew."  What is the moral of this story? 
85.wav	Here’s a short fable: An ass1, carrying a load of wood, passed through a pond. As hewas crossing through the water he lost his footing, stumbled andfell, and not being able to rise on account of his load, groanedheavily. Some frogs frequenting the pool heard his lamentation,and said, "What would you do if you had to live here always as wedo, when you make such a fuss about a mere2 fall into the water?"  What is the moral of this story? 
86.wav	Here’s a short fable: An ass congratulated a horse on being so ungrudgingly and carefully provided for, while he himself had scarcely enough to eat, nor even that without hard work. But when war broke out, the heavy armed soldier mounted the horse, and rushed into the very midst of the enemy, and the horse, being wounded, fell dead on the battle-field. Then the ass, seeing all these things, changed his mind, and commiserated the horse, saying: "How much more fortunate am I than a charger. I can remain at home in safety while he is exposed to all the perils of war."  What is the moral of this story? 
87.wav	Here’s a short fable: The ass and the fox, having entered into a partnership together, went out into the forest to hunt. They had not proceeded far, when they met a lion. The fox approached the lion and promised to contrive for him the capture of the ass, if he would pledge his word that his own life should be spared. On his assuring him that he would not injure him, the fox led the ass to a deep pit, and contrived that he should fall into it. The lion, seeing that the ass was secured, immediately clutched the fox, and then attacked the ass at his leisure.  What is the moral of this story? 
88.wav	Here’s a short fable: An arab camel-driver having completed the lading of his camel, asked him which he would like best, to go up hill or down hill.  What is the moral of this story? 
89.wav	Here’s a short fable: The gods were once disputing whether it was possible for a living being to change its nature. Jupiter said "Yes," But venus said "No." So, to try the question, jupiter turned a cat into a maiden, and gave her to a young man for a wife. The wedding was duly performed and the young couple sat down to the wedding-feast. "See," Said jupiter, to venus, "How becomingly she behaves. who could tell that yesterday she was but a cat? surely her nature is changed?""Wait a minute," Replied venus, and let loose a mouse into the room. No sooner did the bride see this than she jumped up from her seat and tried to pounce upon the mouse. "Ah, you see," Said venus, "Nature will out"  What is the moral of this story? 
90.wav	Here’s a short fable: A labourer lay listening to a nightingale's song throughout the summer night. So pleased was he with it that the next night he set a trap for it and captured it. "Now that I have caught thee," He cried, "Thou shalt always sing to me.""We nightingales never sing in a cage." Said the bird. "Then I'll eat thee." Said the labourer. "I have always heard say that a nightingale on toast is dainty morsel.""Nay, kill me not," Said the nightingale; "But let me free, and I'll tell thee three things far better worth than my poor body." The labourer let him loose, and he flew up to a branch of a tree and said:then the song-bird flew away.  What is the moral of this story? 
91.wav	Here’s a short fable: On a summer day, when the great heat induced a general thirst, a lion and a boar came at the same moment to a small well to drink. They fiercely disputed which of them should drink first, and were soon engaged in the agonies of a mortal combat. On their stopping on a sudden to take breath for the fiercer renewal of the strife, they saw some vultures waiting in the distance to feast on the one which should fall first. They at once made up their quarrel, saying:  What is the moral of this story? 
92.wav	Here’s a short fable: A man came into a wood one day with an axe in his hand, and begged all the trees to give him a small branch which he wanted for a particular purpose. The trees were good-natured and gave him one of their branches. What did the man do but fix it into the axe head, and soon set to work cutting down tree after tree. Then the trees saw how foolish they had been in giving their enemy the means of destroying themselves.  What is the moral of this story? 
93.wav	Here’s a short fable: In the old days men used to worship stocks and stones and idols, and prayed to them to give them luck. It happened that a man had often prayed to a wooden idol he had received from his father, but his luck never seemed to change. He prayed and he prayed, but still he remained as unlucky as ever. One day in the greatest rage he went to the wooden god, and with one blow swept it down from its pedestal. The idol broke in two, and what did he see? An immense number of coins flying all over the place.  What is the moral of this story? 
94.wav	Here’s a short fable: Some dogs, famished with hunger, saw some cow-hides steeping in a river. Not being able to reach them, they agreed to drink up the river; but it fell out that they burst themselves with drinking long before they reached the hides.  What is the moral of this story? 
95.wav	Here’s a short fable: A dove shut up in a cage was boasting of the large number of the young ones which she had hatched. A crow, hearing her, said: "My good friend, cease from this unreasonable boasting. the larger the number of your family, the greater your cause of sorrow, in seeing them shut up in this prison-house."  What is the moral of this story? 
96.wav	Here’s a short fable: A fox after crossing a river got its tail entangled in a bush, and could not move. A number of mosquitoes seeing its plight settled upon it and enjoyed a good meal undisturbed by its tail. A hedgehog strolling by took pity upon the fox and went up to him:"You are in a bad way, neighbour," Said the hedgehog; "Shall I relieve you by driving off those mosquitoes who are sucking your blood?""Thank you, master hedgehog," Said the fox, "But I would rather not.""Why, how is that?" Asked the hedgehog. "Well, you see," Was the answer, "These mosquitoes have had their fill; if you drive these away, others will come with fresh appetite and bleed me to death."  What is the moral of this story? 
97.wav	Here’s a short fable: At one time the fox and the stork were on visiting terms and seemed very good friends. So the fox invited the stork to dinner, and for a joke put nothing before her but some soup in a very shallow dish. This the fox could easily lap up, but the stork could only wet the end of her long bill in it, and left the meal as hungry as when she began. "I am sorry," Said the fox, "The soup is not to your liking.""Pray do not apologise," Said the stork. "I hope you will return this visit, and come and dine with me soon."  What is the moral of this story? 
98.wav	Here’s a short fable: A hart hotly pursued by the hounds fled for refuge into an ox-stall, and buried itself in a truss of hay, leaving nothing to be seen but the tips of his horns. Soon after the hunters came up and asked if any one had seen the hart. The stable boys, who had been resting after their dinner, looked round, but could see nothing, and the hunters went away. Shortly afterwards the master came in, and looking round, saw that something unusual had taken place. He pointed to the truss of hay and said: "What are those two curious things sticking out of the hay?"And when the stable boys came to look they discovered the hart, and soon made an end of him.   What is the moral of this story? 
99.wav	Here’s a short fable: A horse and an ass were travelling together, the horse prancing along in its fine trappings, the ass carrying with difficulty the heavy weight in its panniers. "I wish I were you," Sighed the ass; "Nothing to do and well fed, and all that fine harness upon you." Next day, however, there was a great battle, and the horse was wounded to death in the final charge of the day. His friend, the ass, happened to pass by shortly afterwards and found him on the point of death.  What is the moral of this story? 
100.wav	Here’s a short fable: It happened that a countryman was sowing some hemp seeds in a field where a swallow and some other birds were hopping about picking up their food. "Beware of that man," Quoth the swallow. "Why, what is he doing?" Said the others. "That is hemp seed he is sowing; be careful to pick up every one of the seeds, or else you will repent it."The birds paid no heed to the swallow's words, and by and by the hemp grew up and was made into cord, and of the cords nets were made, and many a bird that had despised the swallow's advice was caught in nets made out of that very hemp. "What did I tell you?" Said the swallow.  What is the moral of this story? 
101.wav	Here’s a short fable: A thief came in the night to break into a house. He brought with him several slices of meat, that he might pacify the house-dog, so that he should not alarm his master by barking. As the thief threw him the pieces of meat, the dog said:  What is the moral of this story? 
102.wav	Here’s a short fable: Two pots had been left on the bank of a river, one of brass, and one of earthenware. When the tide rose they both floated off down the stream. Now the earthenware pot tried its best to keep aloof from the brass one, which cried out:"Fear nothing, friend, I will not strike you.""But I may come in contact with you," Said the other, "If I come too close; and whether I hit you, or you hit me, I shall suffer for it."  What is the moral of this story? 
103.wav	Here’s a short fable: Jupiter determined, it is said, to create a sovereign over the birds, and made proclamation that, on a certain day, they should all present themselves before him, when he would himself choose the most beautiful among them to be king. The jackdaw, knowing his own ugliness, searched through the woods and fields, and collected the feathers which had fallen from the wings of his companions, and stuck them in all parts of his body. When the appointed day arrived, and the birds had assembled before jupiter, the jackdaw also made his appearance in his many-feathered finery. On jupiter proposing to make him king, on account of the beauty of his plumage, the birds indignantly protested, and each plucking from him his own feathers, the jackdaw was again nothing but a jackdaw.  What is the moral of this story? 
104.wav	Here’s a short fable: Emperor akbar was in the habit of putting riddles and puzzles to his courtiers. He often asked questions which were strange and witty. It took much wisdom to answer these questions. Once he asked a very strange question. The courtiers were dumb folded by his question. Akbar glanced at his courtiers. As he looked, one by one the heads began to hang low in search of an answer. It was at this moment that birbal entered the courtyard. Birbal who knew the nature of the emperor quickly grasped the situation and asked, "May I know the question so that I can try for an answer". Akbar said, "How many crows are there in this city?" Without even a moment's thought, birbal replied "There are fifty thousand five hundred and eighty nine crows, my lord". "How can you be so sure?" Asked akbar. Birbal said, "Make you men count, my lord. if you find more crows it means some have come to visit their relatives here. if you find less number of crows it means some have gone to visit their relatives elsewhere". Akbar was pleased very much by birbal's wit.  What is the moral of this story? 
105.wav	Here’s a short fable: Sheba, the queen of jungle, was very fond of babies. Once, she announced, "I order all animals to come to my palace with their babies. the animal who has the most beautiful baby will be awarded a prize". All animals came to sheba's palace with their babies. Sheba started inspecting the babies one by one. She came to a monkey and said "What an ugly baby! you will not get the prize". The baby monkey started to cry. The monkey said, "What a foolish queen she is! who wants her prize! you are my jewel, my dear child.you are more precious than anything under the sky".  What is the moral of this story? 
106.wav	Here’s a short fable: There lived a little girl mariam who was very silly and lazy. Often she used to wander hither and thither with no purpose. Once, as she went wandering she felt very thirsty. She went to a pond nearby and quenched her thirst. She felt very tired and drowsy. She slept right there on the banks of the pond. When she woke up it was night already. She peeped into the pond but could not see her reflection. She got a big doubt, "Am I really here or not? well! let me ask at my home". She went home and found the door closed. She called out "Is mariam in there?" A sleepy voice replied, "Oh! she must be in bed". Mariam thought, "If mariam is at home, I am not mariam". Saying this, she went away.  What is the moral of this story? 
107.wav	Here’s a short fable: A donkey dressed itself in a lion's skin. Wherever he went near the other animals and villagers feared him. Everyone thought that he was a real lion. Soon he became bold. But one day some farmers heard him braying. They ran after him with sticks. They beat him to death. Thus, the poor donkey paid the price for his foolishness.  What is the moral of this story? 
108.wav	Here’s a short fable: A fox was stealthily crossing a field. But alas, he got trapped. He tried hard to come out of the trap. At last he made it. But his tail got cut off. He was ashamed of his loss. Back in the jungle a few of his friends saw him without his tail and asked "What happened?" The fox did not want to accept his ill fate. He said, "The tail is just an extra weight. I cut it off ". But his clever friends could guess the reality and they asked, "If that is the case, why are you sad". The fox did not know what to say now. He went away without giving an answer.  What is the moral of this story? 
109.wav	Here’s a short fable: A hare was staring at a fox in admiration. The fox asked, "What are you staring at?" The hare said in an anxious voice, "I was wondering about you". The fox asked, "What is the wonder with me?" The hare said "Are you really as cunning as people say?" The fox looked at the hare with a thoughtful look and replied after some silent moments, "Well! why don't you do one thing? come tonight and join me for dinner. we shall discuss the matter". The hare went to the fox's house at night. On the dining table were laid plates and bowls. But there was no food at all. The hare thought, "Oh! what a fool I am! the fox has planned to eat me" And he ran away.  What is the moral of this story? 
110.wav	Here’s a short fable: There was a lion in a forest. It was sleeping under a tree near a pond. Suddenly a noise was heared. The lion was disturbed by the noise. It awake from its sleep. The noise was continuously coming from the pond. So the lion was annoyed as it was not able to sleep. There was frog in the pond. The lion came to know the frog has made the noise. It roared at the frog and the frog was frightened. It angrily jumped into the pond to catch the frog. Then the frog realised its mistake and tried to escape from the lion. But the lion caught the frog and killed it.  What is the moral of this story? 
111.wav	Here’s a short fable: One hot day, a thirsty crow flew all over the fields looking for water. For a long time, he could not find any. He felt very weak, almost lost all hope. Suddenly, he saw a water jug below the tree. He flew straight down to see if there was any water inside. Yes, he could see some water inside the jug! The crow tried to push his head into the jug. Sadly, he found that the neck of the jug was too narrow. Then he tried to push the jug to tilt for the water to flow out but the jug was too heavy. The crow thought hard for a while. Then looking around it, he saw some pebbles. He suddenly had a good idea. He started picking up the pebbles one by one, dropping each into the jug. As more and more pebbles filled the jug, the water level kept rising. Soon it was high enough for the crow to drink. His plan had worked!  What is the moral of this story? 
112.wav	Here’s a short fable: A greedy fox stealthily entered a garden to eat the grapes. But its tail was cut down by a trap when it tried to escape from the trap. It worried because all other foxes would mock at its lost tall. Hence it planned a trick. When all foxes ridiculed it and said, "I have cut down the tail myself because it is a great hindrance. now I am free and happy without my tail. so you too cut down your tails. it will be very convenient to all of you." An old wise fox laughed at the tricky fox and said, "I will also join you after losing my tail when I try to steal the grapes. it looks very nice to be with a tail and I am proud of it." Now all other faxes understood the trick of the fox and mocked at it. The ashamed fox ran away into the forest.  What is the moral of this story? 
113.wav	Here’s a short fable: A long, long time ago a little boy was walking through a park. In the middle of the park there was a tree with a sign on it. The sign said "I am a magic tree. say the magic words and you will see." The boy tried to guess the magic words. He tried abracadabra, supercalifragilisticexpialidocious, tan-ta-ra, and many more… but none of them worked. Exhausted, he threw himself on the floor, saying: "Please, dear tree!" And suddenly, a big door opened in the trunk. Inside everything was dark, except for a sign which said "Carry on with your magic." Then the boy said "Thank you, dear tree!" With this, the inside of the tree lit up brightly and revealed a pathway leading to a great big pile of toys and chocolate. The little boy brought all his friends to the magic tree, and they had the best party ever. This is why people always say that "Please" And "Thank you" Are the magic words.  What is the moral of this story? 
114.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once upon a time, a boy went on his holidays to a great castle. He ran through all the rooms and corridors, apart from one wing, which he never entered for fear of the darkness there. In that part of the castle lived a frightened multicoloured ghost. He had never left that area because he was afraid of the light. Both the boy and the ghost tried to overcome their fear several times, but without success. That was, until one day when the boy summoned up all his courage, and started crossing the dark corridor. He managed to do this by imagining that his friends had organised a surprise party for him, and were waiting in the darkness. The boy and the ghost met there, and soon became great friends. So friendly did they become that the boy helped the ghost overcome his fear of the light.  What is the moral of this story? 
115.wav	Here’s a short fable: A long, long time ago each kind of animal lived in their own special land that was the same colour as themselves. It had always been this way, and no animal knew any different. One day, in the land of the orange elephants, a little bird swore that he had seen some purple cows. No one believed him, so the bird asked them to follow him to the border. When they arrived, they could see that it was true. Off in the distance was a completely purple land. The purple cows were equally amazed to see orange elephants. The two groups of animals got together and decided to go in search of the land of the dark blue crocodiles. And so began a journey through many lands of many colours, each adding its own special animal to the expedition. When all the animals were together, heavy rain began pouring, and the rain mixed the animals' colours up, leaving each one with the colour they have today.  What is the moral of this story? 
116.wav	Here’s a short fable: There was once a truly miserable land where everyone was depressed. There was no reason for this to be so: the people were normal, and they led normal lives, but they were very sad. One day, a baby boy was born. He was a really good child; always thinking of others, always clean and tidy, always quick to do as he was told… he was equally good in all such matters. As a result, the boy managed to cheer up everyone around him. People saw him and wanted to be like him, so they behaved cheerfully, and, in turn, cheered up others. The boy travelled the whole land, bringing smiles to people's faces, and happiness to their hearts. He ended up transforming the entire country from one of sadness and depression to one which could even be called happyland.  What is the moral of this story? 
117.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once upon a time, the greatest treasure in the world was hidden in a chest. The chest was locked and was inside a cave that could only be found with the help of a map. A monkey found the key to the chest in a tree, an elephant managed to move a boulder which stood in the way, and a snake found the map under some stones. All of them tried to find the chest on their own, without success. An owl realised this and gathered the animals together to work as a team. The animals took his advice and, after many adventures and difficulties, they managed to find the chest. When they opened it, there was just one single piece of parchment inside. It said that if they had gotten this far then they had already found the greatest treasure in the world: that of friendship. The animals realised this was true, and they happily remained friends for life.  What is the moral of this story? 
118.wav	Here’s a short fable: In a small hut, on the hills in scotland, lived annabel and her parents. Her father didn't have money to send her to high school. So, annabel visited the dairy everyday together with her father. While her father made cheese, annabel fed the cows and buffaloes, and played with the goats and sheep. Annabel loved cheese. One day, she asked, "Daddy, please teach me how to make cheese?" Daddy laughed and said, "Sure! are you getting to make some for me as well?" "L will make the best cheese in the world for you, daddy" Smiled annabel. Annabel's father taught her to form cheese. Annabel became passionate about cooking and everything related to cheese. Although she could never attend school, she learnt everything from her father and mother, hands on. Years gone by, annabel became a great chef and made the planet famous blue cheese in her dairy.  What is the moral of this story? 
119.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once upon a time , there lived a washerman in the town. He had two pets-a dog and a donkey. The dog used to keep watch on his house the whole day long. The donkey used to carry the washerman's load to and from the riverside. One night the washerman was sleeping soundly and a theif came into the house. The dog too was fast asleep. So, he did not bark at the thief. But the donkey was awake. He  saw the theif and thought toawaken his master. So, he began to bray loudly. The theif ran away in fear. On listening the braying of the donkey, the washerman could not sleep. He came out and could not understand why he was braying. To make him quite, he started beating the donkey with a stick. But the washerman's house was saved.  What is the moral of this story? 
120.wav	Here’s a short fable: "Don't go near the well! don't play round it!" Mother dog said to her children. And they never came to the well. But once a little puppy ran to the well and stopped there. He thought ,"Why can't we go to the well?" Then the puppy jumped into the well to look into it. As he climbed up the well, he saw  another puppy. The puppy wagged his tail and the puppy in the well did the same. Then the puppy held his paws up and the same. The puppy became angry with the puppy in the well. He wanted to fight with him, so he jumped into the well. But there was no puppy to fight with, but only water. He cried for help but no one came to the well. He went down under the cold water and nobody saw him again.  What is the moral of this story? 
121.wav	Here’s a short fable: One day, rickyts dog got seriously ill. The dog pretended to be very ill as he was fed up of performing daily tasks and wanted to rest for a few days. Ricky took the dog to the veterinary doctor. The doctor examined the dog and declared that the dog was well. Ricky doubted, "If the dog is well, why is he not able to perform his task?" The doctor said, "Give him this medicine and bring it tomorrow again. " Ricky did as the doctor asked. Next day, ricky took the dog to the doctor. The doctor asked his assistant to bring a cat. The cat sniffed the dog and went to the other room without any reaction. The dog did not give any reaction; the doctor brought the cat again. This time the cat bit dog's tail, the dog got angry and pounced on the cat. Ricky smiled on seeing his dog back to normal. Ricky thanked the doctor and went back home happily with his dog.  What is the moral of this story? 
122.wav	Here’s a short fable: One night a thief came into a house. He brought several slices of meat with himself to trick the house-dog. The thief entered the house and saw the house-dog. Then he threw the pieces of meat at him. On this act, the dog said, "If you think that by throwing this piece of meat you can fool me, you are mistaken." The thief throws another piece of meat at the dog. The dog doesn't pick up the piece of meat and replies, "I am a faithful house-dog. you cannot fool me and harm my master." As the dog completed his sentence, he immediately pounced on the thief. The thief got scared and ran out of the window in no time. The master of the house dog woke up on hearing the voice of the dog. He came out of the room and got to know the incident. Then he praised his dog and gave him two more pieces of meat to eat as a reward.  What is the moral of this story? 
123.wav	Here’s a short fable: There lived a skinny wolf who was almost dead with hunger; suddenly, he met a house-dog who was passing by. The house dog said, "I knew your irregular life will soon destroy you. why don't you work steadily as I do and get your food regularly given to you?" The wolf replied, "I would have no objection, but I don't have such place." The dog asked him to come to his place and share his work. The wolf agreed and they headed towards the town. On the way, the wolf noticed marks on the dog's neck. The wolf asked, "Why is your neck worn away?" The dog replied, "Oh, this mark is because of the collar that is put on at night to keep me chained up. don't worry it hurts in the starting, but later you will get used to it. " The wolf thought that it's better to live a free life than to be chained up, so he said good-bye to the dog and went on its way.  What is the moral of this story? 
124.wav	Here’s a short fable: A long time ago, there lived a fish in a lake who always thought about the well-beings of the others. Once there was a terrible drought that made the lake dry. Due to this many creatures living in the lake lost their lives. The fish lay buried under the mud along with some other creatures. Soon theyl became the prey of the birds and beasts. Seeing this, the fish thought to do something to save itself and the other creatures. The fish tried hard and came out on the surface. There is performed the solemn act of truth. I-ie called upon the god and prayed, "O lord! pardon our sins. please sendrain and relieve all the creatures from this misery." He prayed truly from the heart that the god accepted the fish's pray. And sent heavy rains to the earth. Hence, the fish and the other creatures were saved.  What is the moral of this story? 
125.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once upon a time there lived a pair of crows on a huge mango tree. One morning, when the crows went in search of food, the snake crawled up the tree and ate some of the eggs. When the crows came back, they were shocked to find some eggs missing. As the days passed, the snake grew greedy and ate up all thd eggs. The fed up crows decided to ask their friend, the wise fox for advice. The fox came up with a plan. "In the morning, go to the river bank," He said. "When the ladies from the royal family come to bath, just pick up a necklace and drop it into the snake's hole." Next morning, the female crow did as told. Seeing this, the royal guards chased the crow and reached the snake's hole, when the snake came out, one of the guards took out his  spear and killed the snake. The crows were happy and lived happily on the same tree.  What is the moral of this story? 
126.wav	Here’s a short fable: A wolf was eating an animal it had killed. Suddenly, a small bone in the meat got stuck in his throat and he could not swallow it. Soon, he felt terrible pain in the throat, and ran up and down seeking for something to relieve the pain. He asked everyone he met to cure him. At last the wolf met the crane. The wolf said, "Please help me. I will give you what you want." The crane agreed to try and told the wolf to lie on its side and open its jaws as wide as it could. Then the crane put its long neck down the wolfs throat and got the bone out of its throat. Then the crane said, "Will you kindly give me the reward you promised?" The wolf grinned and showed his teeth and said, "Be content. you have put your head inside a wolf's mouth and taken it out again in safety; that was your reward."  What is the moral of this story? 
127.wav	Here’s a short fable: There lived a washerrnan who had a lazy donkey. Whenever  ramu called the donkey he pretended to be sick. Ramu was fed up of his donkey. One day ramu had to take a heap of clothes to the river to wash. The donkey knew that ramu would load the clothes, so he escaped from the courtyard. Then the donkey went to a lonely place and slept under a mango tree. Suddenly dust storm blew so hard mango hit donkey's head. Startled he sat up to see what was happening he looked around and dust got into the eyes. Then he to go back home to save from storm but he was afraid of ramu's beating. Will great difficulty he walked back. When rarnu saw the donkey, he patted his back and said,"Ah, you are back! l was so worried!" " Dhenchu! dhenchu!" The donkey brayed happily and decided never to be lazy again.  What is the moral of this story? 
128.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once upon a time there lived a cat that loved to read. At night, when everybody was asleep, she would put on the spectacles and read the big book for cats. One day, she read in the book: if you want a mouse for dinner, repeat the following rhyme: in this house there is a mouse, where is the mouse, where is the mouse? The cat looked up from the book and found that there was a mouse on the top of the table. The cat repeated the rhyme and soon found the same mouse on the bed. Then she jumped upon the bed to catch the mouse and the mouse was gone! The mouse was very clever. Suddenly he squeaked, "Oh, dear cat, run, run fast! there is dog after you!" The cat left the mouse and was ready to jump out of the window. The mouse sat near his hole and said, "Ha-ha-ha! dear cat that was the trick I learnt from the bio book for mice!" And the mouse ran into his hole!  What is the moral of this story? 
129.wav	Here’s a short fable: A milk-maid had been to the meadow to milk her cows. Now she was returning  home with a pail of milk on her head. She thought, "I will make cream and butter out of this milk. then selling  them, I will buy eggs. and when they hatch, I shall have a good poultry  farm." She further thought, "I shall sell some of my fowls and buy a fine dress. seeing it on my body at the fair, all the boys will admire me. but  I will turn them away just tossing my head at them." Lost in day dreams, she forgot about the pail on her head. She tossed her  head with a jerk and the pail of milk came tumbling down. It was broken and  all the milk got spilt. "Dear o dear !" She cried, "I have lost my all."  What is the moral of this story? 
130.wav	Here’s a short fable: Madonna is an american singer, songwriter, actress and businesswoman referred to as the 'queen of pop' since the 1980s. Having sold more than 300 million records worldwide, madonna is noted as the best-selling female recording artist of all time by guinness world records. A lot of people are afraid to say what they want. That's why they don't get what they want.  What is the moral of this story? 
131.wav	Here’s a short fable: Jrd tata had a friend who used to misplace and lose his pen very often. He used very cheap pens so that he need not to worry about losing them. Friend told jrd tata that he was worried about his carelessness habit. One day, jrd suggested him to buy the costliest pen, he could afford and see what happens. He did that nad purchased a 22 carat gold pen. After nearly six months jrd met him and asked him that if he still continues to lose his pen. Friend smiled and told that now he is very careful about his pen and was surprised to see how he was not careless about it anymore. Then jrd explained him that only difference is value of pen. It was not wrong with him as person, he was not careless but it was about value of that thing. That's what happens in our life. We are careful about things we valued most. Carefulness is a basic trait of human but we know when to be careful. Carelessness only shows what we don't value.  What is the moral of this story? 
132.wav	Here’s a short fable: Helen keller was born deaf and blind but powered her way through life to become an impactful speaker, author and activist. Recognized by president johnson for her work with the women's suffrage movement. We are never really happy until we try to brighten the lives of others.  What is the moral of this story? 
133.wav	Here’s a short fable: It is good to love many things, for therein lies the true strength and whosoever loves much performs much and can accomplish much and what is done in love is well done.  What is the moral of this story? 
134.wav	Here’s a short fable: Confucius was one of china's most famous philosopher, teacher and political theorist and he believed every individual could benefit from self-cultivation. Driven by his passion, his intention was to awaken the people and he tirelessly tried to do it until the day he died. The journey with a 1000 miles begins with one step.  What is the moral of this story? 
135.wav	Here’s a short fable: The good news is that the moment you decide that what you know is more important than what you have been taught to believe, you will have shifted gears in your quest for abundance. Success comes from within, not from without.  What is the moral of this story? 
136.wav	Here’s a short fable: Eminem is an american rapper, songwriter, music producer, record executive and actor. He is among the world's best selling artists of all time with over 47 million albums and 220 million records sold. The truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride and nothing is guaranteed.  What is the moral of this story? 
137.wav	Here’s a short fable: Popularly known as "Lady with the lamps" Florence nightingale is the mother of modern nursing. She was an active social reformer from england. Nightingale received the tag due her dedicated efforts to tend the wounded soldiers during the crimean war, thus becoming an icon during the victorian era. Lifenever lose an opportunity of urging a practical beginning, however small - for it is wonderful how often in such matters the mustard seed germinates and roots itself.  What is the moral of this story? 
138.wav	Here’s a short fable: Nature is the source of all true knowledge. She has her own logic, her own laws, she has no effect without cause nor invention without necessity.  What is the moral of this story? 
139.wav	Here’s a short fable: God, our creator, has stored within our minds and personalities, great potential, strength and ability. Prayer helps us tap and develop these powers.  What is the moral of this story? 
140.wav	Here’s a short fable: Charles dickens is often regarded as the greatest author of the victorian era. He brought to life some of the most memorable stories and fictional characters in history, all inspired by his real-life experiences. Dickens penned such acclaimed works as - oliver twist; a christmas carol; david copperfield; great expectations and a tale of two cities to name, just a few that have gone on to become classics in english literature. We need never be ashamed of our tears.  What is the moral of this story? 
141.wav	Here’s a short fable: Bodhidharma was a 5th century buddhist monk. He is regarded as its first chinese patriarch. Bodhidharma's practice and teachings are centered on meditation. In order to see a fish, you must watch the water.  What is the moral of this story? 
142.wav	Here’s a short fable: Oldest knowledge to humankind: vedas are considered the sacred knowledge. There are four major vedas: rigveda, samaveda, yajurveda and atharvaveda.  What is the moral of this story? 
143.wav	Here’s a short fable: Couragedevelop enough courage so that you can stand up for yourself and then stand up for somebody else.  What is the moral of this story? 
144.wav	Here’s a short fable: Steve jobs was one of the greatest tech entrepreneurs and creative genius. He was a great man and his thoughts and creativity inspired us to lead the life in a beautiful way. Love yourself and what you do - the only key to success.  What is the moral of this story? 
145.wav	Here’s a short fable: The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing, would suffice to solve most of the world's problems.  What is the moral of this story? 
146.wav	Here’s a short fable: Rumi was an enigmatic persian poet during the 13th century. He was also a mystic and considered the most celebrated sufi teacher of all time. Each moment contains a hundred messages from god.  What is the moral of this story? 
147.wav	Here’s a short fable: One day, an ant was searching for some water. After walking for a while, she reached a spring. Ant in try to drink water from spring, she climbed up a blade of grass and slipped, fell into water. As soon as ant fell into water, a dove who was sitting on near by tree noticed. Seeing ant in trouble, dove quickly plucked off a leaf and dropped it into water near struggling ant. Ant quickly grabbed on to that leaf and climbed up on it. Soon it was carried to safety to dry ground. Just some time later, when ant was still around, a hunter came there and was carrying net. As hunter was going to throw his net toward dove, hoping to trap it, ant saw it and understood what was about to happen. Ant quickly walked on to heel of hunter and bit him. Feeling pain, hunter dropped his net and listening to all this sound, dove saw hunter and quickly fly away to safely.  What is the moral of this story? 
148.wav	Here’s a short fable: Swami vivekananda was an indian hindu monk, a chief disciple of the 19th-century indian mystic ramakrishna. He was a key figure in the introduction of the indian philosophies of vedanta and yoga to the western world and is credited with raising interfaith awareness. Throw away all weakness, tell your body that it is strong. Tell your mind that it is strong and have unbound faith and hope in yourself.  What is the moral of this story? 
149.wav	Here’s a short fable: Socrates. A greek philosopher. An enigmatic genius. He gave a whole new norm to the western philosophy. The standard set by him, his critical reasoning, his view on life and surrounding made him an admirable inspiration to many. Socrates believed that philosophy had the potential to cause greater well-being in society. Our prayers should be for blessings in general, for god knows best what is good for us.  What is the moral of this story? 
150.wav	Here’s a short fable: Pablo picasso was one of the most celebrated artists of the 20th century. His desire to innovate and play with styles is what set him apart from other painters of the decade. His artworks are not only diverse but also beautifully unique. Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe and upon which we must vigorously act. There is no other route to success.  What is the moral of this story? 
151.wav	Here’s a short fable: Born in southern spain, pablo picasso was a prodigious child who went to become one of the most renowned artists of the world. Known for his ground-breaking and pioneering style. Picasso held various profiles as a painter, sculptor, print maker, ceramicist, stage designer, poet and playwright. God is really only another artist. He invented the giraffe, the elephant and the cat. He has no real style. He just keeps on trying other things.  What is the moral of this story? 
152.wav	Here’s a short fable: Albert einstein was famous mathematician and physicist who developed the special and general theories of relativity. In 1921, he won the nobel prize for physics for his explanation of the photoelectric effect.  What is the moral of this story? 
153.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once in a field, farmer saw that cranes were destroying his newly sown corn. So he planned to catch those birds. Next evening he set a net in his fields to catch those destructive birds. Next morning when he went to his field to check if his plan worked. He saw that number of cranes were caught in his net and with it there was a stork. Seeing farmer stork pleaded to him, "Please release me as I have not eaten any of your corn nor did I destroyed any of your crop. I am innocent. as you may see - am a most dutiful bird. I,."Before stork could complete it point, farmer interrupted it and said, "Whatever you said may be true enough but I have caught you with those cranes who were destroying crops and you must suffer with your company..!!"  What is the moral of this story? 
154.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once a man was walking by a park and he heard a voice from nearby bushes. When he looked there, he saw that a cat was stuck there that needed help. Man tried to reach down to cat to get it out but cat got scared and started scratching that man's hand. Man screamed in pain but didn't back out and tried again and again, every time he tried to reach cat, cat would scratch his hands. Another man saw that and said, "Leave it.. cat would eventually find a way to come out later.."That man didn't pay attention and continued to try helping that cat to get out. At last he was able to get that cat out. Once he released that cat, he faced toward another man and said, "Cat is animal and it's instinct to scratch and attack but I am human and my instinct make me compassionate and kind.."  What is the moral of this story? 
155.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once an elephant was coming back towards it's herd from bath in a near by river. On his way, he saw a pig walking toward him. Pig was coming from muddy waters and it was completely covered in mud. When elephant and pig were approaching each other, pig saw that elephant moved side to allow pig to pass. While walking past, pig made fun of elephant saying that elephant was afraid of him. That pig went to other pig standing near by and told them about it. Listening to this all pig started to laugh at elephant. When elephant reached it's herd. Elephants from herd saw all this and those pig laughing at their friend elephant. One of them asked him, "Were you really afraid of that pig??"Elephant smiled and replied, "No, my friend.. I could have crushed him under my feet if I wanted to but that pig was all muddy and if I had not let it pass then that mud would have splashed on me too. that's why I avoided that and stepped aside from his way."  What is the moral of this story? 
156.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once in a small town lived an old blind man. He was blind yet while walking out at night he used to carry lighted lamp with him. One night while he was out of his house, a group of young travelers saw him. After seeing him they realized that he was blind. Travelers couldn't understand why would a blind person carry a lighted lamp and started making fun of him. One to those travelers got curious and asked, "You are blind and can't see anything then why do you carry lighted lamp with you??"Blind man replied, "Yes.. I am blind and can't see anything still I carry a lighted lamp with me for people like you.. who can see.if I walk at night without lamp, one may not be able to understand that a blind man is coming and could end up pushing me.."They felt ashamed for their behavior and apologized.  What is the moral of this story? 
157.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once in a village lived a poor old man. He was poor so he had little money with him. One day he wanted to eat some sweets so he went to sweets shop market. There he stopped at a sweet shop and asked for some sweets. Sweet seller was cheat and tried to use short measures. Poor man noticed that and asked him not to do it. Seller smiled cunningly and said, "I was reducing load for you. so that you don't have to carry heavy load to home.."Poor man understood his trick and paid little less than the cost of sweets. Seeing less money seller complained, "You have given me less money. give me full price for sweets."Poor man replied, "But.. you see now you can save time as you have to count less.."Seller felt ashamed for his mistake and said sorry to him.  What is the moral of this story? 
158.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once there was a museum in which there was a room which was made of mirrors. Its wall, roof and even floor was made of mirrors. One day care taker of that museum forgot to lock the back door of museum which lead directly to that mirror room. A dog was roaming near that museum and by mistake entered that room. When dog was in middle of room and saw its own reflection and thought of it as that a whole pack of dogs were surrounding him from all sides. Seeing this dog got scared and started to bark at reflections. Dog could see all the reflections barking at him in same way and because of mirror's dog echo back after hitting at mirrors and got magnified. Frightened by it dog started to bark frantically. Next morning, when museum guard entered the hall, there he found lifeless body of dog. There was no one to harm that dog but yet it died fighting its own reflections.  What is the moral of this story? 
159.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once ramakrishna asked his disciples to steal a little rice from their own home but there was one condition that nobody sees them stealing rice. After a week all of his disciples came back with rice except for one. Everyone was happy as they were able to complete task given to them of stealing rice from home without anyone noticing them. Ramakrishna asked that student reason for coming empty handed. Student told him that even if he tries hard to steal rice hiding from everyone else, he always saw himself stealing rice. So there was never ever a situation when he could have steal rice when nobody is seeing.. Because what ever we do, it is never hidden from one person and that is our-self. That student who came empty handed was swami vivekananda.  What is the moral of this story? 
160.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once nasruddin went to a formal reception and seated himself on the most elegant chair. Seeing this chief of guard approached him and said, "Sir, these seats are reserved for guests of honor."Nasruddin confidently replied, "Oh, I am more than mere guest of honor."Chief questioned, "Oh so you are a diplomat."Again nasruddin replied, "No, am far more than a diplomat."Chief questioned again, "Really?? so are you a minister??""No, no.. am bigger than that.", said nasruddin. "Ok..! then you mast be the king himself.", said chief sarcastically. Again nasruddin quickly responded, "Higher than that..!"Chief got angry and said, "What? you are higher that king?? nobody is higher that king.."Nasruddin smirked and said, "Now you have it.. I am nobody."  What is the moral of this story? 
161.wav	Here’s a short fable: A boy and girl were playing together. The boy had a collection of marbles and girl had some sweets with her. Boy asked girl to give him sweet in exchange of his marbles. Girl agreed. When it came to exchange boy got greedy and kept the biggest and most beautiful marble with himself and gave rest to her in exchange to sweets. So girl gave him all the sweets in exchange of marbles as agreed. Same night boy when boy went to sleep he kept on thinking about the deal because he kept wondering if girl had same as boy. If girl had kept some sweets with her as boy kept marble with himself. It's a small story but makes us think about our relationships.  What is the moral of this story? 
162.wav	Here’s a short fable: In a family lived father mother and a child. Parents used to scold him for printing his hand print with painting colors all over the walls of house. One day kid gave a handmade card to his parents. When parents got the card they saw there was a little hand print of their son on card. Inside there was a photograph of him with a little note writing with his photo. Words written were " Sometimes you get angry and discouraged because I am so small and leave my fingerprints on furniture and walls. but am growing everyday and some day these finger prints will fade away. so, here is put a final hand print of my hand here on card so that one day you can recall how my fingerprint exactly looked when I was small."They realized what they have been losing in the race of life and this touched heart heart and they hugged and kissed him with love.  What is the moral of this story? 
163.wav	Here’s a short fable: One day wife asked husband to buy her comb so that she can grow her hair well and to be well groomed. Her husband couldn't afford to buy her comb and felt sorry. He refused her and explained that he didn't even have enough money to fix strap of his watch. After knowing this she didn't insist on her request. Next day, as husband was going for work, he passed by watch shop and went inside to sold his damaged watch so that he can buy comb his wife. In evening he came home with comb for his wife and he was very happy to give this to his wife so that she can take better care of her long hairs. But to his surprise he saw that his wife hair were cut short. When he asked why she got her hairs got cut short? She replied with a smile, "I sold my hair and here is new strap for your watch."Tears came out from their eyes, not for futility of their actions but for the love they had for each other.  What is the moral of this story? 
164.wav	Here’s a short fable: While psychologist was teaching stress management to the class. He raised a glass of water. Seeing this everyone expected that he is going to ask, "Half empty hal full..!!" But instead he asked, "How heavy is this glass of water?"Many called out the answer that it ranged from 8 oz. To 20 oz. Now psychologist replied"This absolute weight of glass doesn't matter. what matter is how long I hold it.if I hold it for a minute it's not going to be problem. if I have to hold it for an hour then I will feel ache in my arm. if I hold it for a day, my arm will feel numb and paralyzed. in all the cases the weight of glass doesn't change, but longer I hold heavier it becomes."He continued.. "Similar are stress and worries.if you think about them for a while, nothing happens. if you think about them a bit longer, they hurt. and if you think about them all day long, you feel like paralyzed or incapable of doing anything."  What is the moral of this story? 
165.wav	Here’s a short fable: One day all the employees of a company saw a note on door. "The person who have been hindering the growth of your company passed away yesterday. you all are invited to the funeral that has been prepared in company gym." Was written on note. After reading note, all employees got sad for deceased colleague but after a while all got curious to know about the person who have been hindering the growth of company and colleagues. Because of curiosity all the employees came and security was ordered to control the crowd in the room. Everyone thought that, "Whoever was the guy was hindering the growth so its well at least only he died."One by one each employee got chance to look inside the coffin but as they looked inside coffin they got speechless as if someone or  something has touched deepest part of their soul. There was a mirror inside the coffin, when everyone looked inside they saw the reflection of himself. There was a sign placed next to the mirror having message, "There is only one person who is capable to set limits on your growth and that's you."  What is the moral of this story? 
166.wav	Here’s a short fable: One day a shepherd discovered a fat pig in the meadow where his sheep were pastured. He very quickly captured the porker, which squealed at the top of its voice the moment the shepherd laid his hands on it. You would have thought, to hear the loud squealing, that the pig was being cruelly hurt. But in spite of its squeals and struggles to escape, the shepherd tucked his prize under his arm and started off to the butcher's in the marketplace. The sheep in the pasture were much astonished and amused at the pig's behavior and followed the shepherd and his charge to the pasture gate. "What makes you squeal like that?" Asked one of the sheep. "The shepherd often catches and carries off one of us. but we should feel very much ashamed to make such a terrible fuss about it like you do." "That is all very well," Replied the pig, with a squeal and a frantic kick. "When he catches you he is only after your wool. but he wants my bacon! gree-ee-ee!"  What is the moral of this story? 
167.wav	Here’s a short fable: A farmer walked through his field one cold winter morning. On the ground lay a snake, stiff and frozen with the cold. The farmer knew how deadly the snake could be, and yet he picked it up and put it in his bosom to warm it back to life. The snake soon revived, and when it had enough strength, bit the man who had been so kind to it. The bite was deadly and the farmer felt that he must die. As he drew his last breath, he said to those standing around, "Learn from my fate not to take pity on a scoundrel".  What is the moral of this story? 
168.wav	Here’s a short fable: One night four college students were out partying late night and didn't study for the test which was scheduled for the next day. In the morning, they thought of a plan. They made themselves look dirty with grease and dirt. Then they went to the dean and said they had gone out to a wedding last night and on their way back the tire of their car burst and they had to push the car all the way back. So they were in no condition to take the test. The dean thought for a minute and said they can have the re-test after 3 days. They thanked him and said they will be ready by that time. On the third day, they appeared before the dean. The dean said that as this was a special condition test, all four were required to sit in separate classrooms for the test. They all agreed as they had prepared well in the last 3 days.  What is the moral of this story? 
169.wav	Here’s a short fable: A man was polishing his new car; his 4 yr old daughter picked up a stone and scratched on the side of the car. In anger, the furious man took his child's hand  hit it many times, not realizing he was using a wrench. At the hospital, the child lost all her fingers due to multiple fractures. When the child saw her father, with painful eyes he asked 'dad when will my fingers grow back? ' the man was so hurt and speechless. He went back to the car and kicked it many times. Devastated by his own actions, sitting in front of the car he looked at the scratches, his daughter had written 'love you dad'.  What is the moral of this story? 
170.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once a rich merchant's house was robbed. The merchant suspected that the thief was one of his servants. So he went to birbal and mentioned the incident. Birbal went to his house and assembled all of his servants and asked that who stole the merchant's things. Everybody denied. Birbal thought for a moment, then gave a stick of equal length to all the servants of the merchant and said to them that the stick of the real thief will be longer by two inches tomorrow. All the servants should be present here again tomorrow with their sticks. All the servants went to their homes and gathered again at the same place the next day. Birbal asked them to show him their sticks. One of the servants had his stick shorter by two inches. Birbal said, "This is your thief, merchant."Later the merchant asked birbal, "How did you catch him?" Birbal said, "The thief had already cut his stick short by two inches in the night fearing that his stick will be longer by two inches by morning."  What is the moral of this story? 
171.wav	Here’s a short fable: A father had a family of sons who were perpetually quarreling among themselves. When he failed to heal their disputes by his exhortations, he determined to give them a practical illustration of the evils of disunion. One day he told his sons to bring him a bundle of sticks. When they had done so, he placed the fagot into the hands of each of them in succession and ordered them to break it in pieces. They tried with all their strength and were not able to do it. He next opened the fagot, took the sticks separately, one by one, and again put them into his sons' hands, upon which they broke them easily. He then addressed them in these words: "My sons, if you are of one mind, and unite to assist each other, you will be as strong as this fagot, uninjured by all the attempts of your enemies, but if you are divided among yourselves, you will be broken as easily as these sticks."  What is the moral of this story? 
