1.wav	Here’s a short fable: An arab camel-driver having completed the lading of his camel, asked him which he would like best, to go up hill or down hill.  What is the moral of this story? 
2.wav	Here’s a short fable: Some dogs, famished with hunger, saw some cow-hides steeping in a river. Not being able to reach them, they agreed to drink up the river; but it fell out that they burst themselves with drinking long before they reached the hides.  What is the moral of this story? 
3.wav	Here’s a short fable: Tee kites of olden times, as well as the swans, had the privilegeof song. But having heard the neigh of the horse, they were soenchanted with the sound, that they tried to imitate it; and, intrying to neigh, they forgot how to sing.  What is the moral of this story? 
4.wav	Here’s a short fable: A thief came in the night to break into a house. He brought with him several slices of meat, that he might pacify the house-dog, so that he should not alarm his master by barking. As the thief threw him the pieces of meat, the dog said:  What is the moral of this story? 
5.wav	Here’s a short fable: The pigeons, terrified by the appearance of a kite, called uponthe hawk1 to defend them. He at once consented. When they hadadmitted him into the cote, they found that he made more havocand slew2 a larger number of them in one day than the kite couldpounce upon in a whole year.  What is the moral of this story? 
6.wav	Here’s a short fable: Once upon a time there was a turtle named medina, and a lion named sleeper. They were best friends. The lion was fast, but medina was slow. Medina was sad because he was not fast like sleeper. So in every game they played, sleeper would slow down so medina could keep up without stopping the game.  What is the moral of this story? 
7.wav	Here’s a short fable: A dove shut up in a cage was boasting of the large number of the young ones which she had hatched. A crow, hearing her, said: "My good friend, cease from this unreasonable boasting. the larger the number of your family, the greater your cause of sorrow, in seeing them shut up in this prison-house."  What is the moral of this story? 
8.wav	Here’s a short fable: A serpent in the course of its wanderings came into anarmourer's shop. As he glided1 over the floor he felt his skinpricked by a file lying there. In a rage he turned round upon itand tried to dart2 his fangs3 into it; but he could do no harm toheavy iron and had soon to give over his wrath4.  What is the moral of this story? 
9.wav	Here’s a short fable: A mouse was waiting for the cat to wake up because he wanted to make a deal with her. The cat woke up and saw the mouse. She got ready to eat him when the mouse said, "Stop." The cat stopped. She let him tell her his deal. The cat agreed to be friends. They went on to be friends forever.  What is the moral of this story? 
10.wav	Here’s a short fable: A donkey dressed itself in a lion's skin. Wherever he went near the other animals and villagers feared him. Everyone thought that he was a real lion. Soon he became bold. But one day some farmers heard him braying. They ran after him with sticks. They beat him to death. Thus, the poor donkey paid the price for his foolishness.  What is the moral of this story? 
